Chief Deputy Madeline Wuntch: I've examined his proposal; there's no proof that giggle-pig is a serious problem.
Captain Raymond Holt: So we're just supposed to wait until it turns into an epidemic? You're like the [[League of Nations in '36: just hoping the Abyssinia Crisis resolves itself.
Wuntch: That's the lesson you draw from the fall of Addis Ababa? Raymond, you sound so [[naivety|naïve.
Holt: And you sound just like Victor Emmanuel III.
Terry: I have no idea who's winning.
Holt: I am.

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 2)
%
Jake: Oh, hey there, Captain! Do you happen to know what day today is?
Holt: Well, based on the fact that yesterday was the birthday of legendary Dutch flautist Frans Brüggen, and a week ago was October 24th, I'd say today is-
Jake: It's Halloween. Just say it's Halloween.
Holt: It's Halloween.
Jake: All right, and what happened last Halloween?
Holt: Oh, I listened to the CD I bought the night before the Frans Brüggen birthday concert.
Jake: Please stop saying Brüggen.
Holt: Last year, you bet me you could steal my Medal of Valor. And you did. Consequently, I was forced to do your paperwork for a week, and to say words I thought I'd never have to say.
:[In a flashback]
Holt: Jake Peralta is an amazing detective/genius.
:[Back in the present]
Jake: But now it's time for round two of our Halloween bet. This year I believe I'll make things more difficult for myself. Let's say, what, I'll steal the watch right off your wrist.
Holt: Or, we could just not do it at all this year.
Jake: Sir, with all due respect: C'mon, homie!
Holt: It's not worth all the trouble. Just so you might call me an amazing captain/genius, and give me one week of overtime for free.
Jake: All right, fine. I'll double the overtime. I'll triple it! I'll quadruple it! I will five-druple it! I'll five-druple the overtime! Got his attention. He's coming back to me.
Holt: Just to clarify: if you steal my watch by midnight, I will do your paperwork for a week, but if you fail, you will give me five weeks of overtime for free.
Jake: Correct.
Holt: I'm doing a cost-benefit analysis in my head. The benefits outweigh the costs- we have reached an accord.
Jake: Accords!
%
Jake: Well done. But I do have to ask: those guys at the impound- did they really smash my car?
Holt: No. In fact, I had them wash it.
Jake: Good one, Captain! You can't "wash a car". So how'd you convince the whole squad to betray me? What'd you offer them?
Holt: I asked them if they wanted to embarrass you, and they instantly said yes.
Jake: I'm not gonna lie, that turns me on a little bit.
Holt: Mm-hmm. So in addition to the five weeks of free overtime, I believe I'm owed one more thing.
Jake: Yes. Here we go.
Holt: One second.
:[Holt snaps his fingers, and a light in the viewing room behind the one-way glass reveals Terry, Boyle, Diaz, Amy, Scully and Hitchcock.]
Jake: Very well. Captain Raymond Holt: you are an amazing police captain/genius. But be warned: I started planning next year's heist just this minute!
%
Jake: You played me?!
Holt: Like Frans Brüggen plays the flute.

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 2)
%
Jake: Wait for it...wait for it...9:01. Amy Santiago is officially late for the first time ever. Alright, let's do this. Who's got theories?
Terry: Uh...alarm didn't go off.
Jake: All three alarms? All with battery backup? Come on, who wants to take this seriously?
Boyle: Ooh! She was taken in her sleep.
Jake: That's what I'm talking about! Super dark, Boyle, but way more plausible than the Sarge's idiotic alarm clock theory.
Diaz: I bet she tucked herself into bed too tight and got stuck.
Gina: Maybe she fell into another dimension where she's interesting.
Holt: It's 9 a.m. Why is no one working?
Jake: Amy Santiago is a few minutes late, and we're all trying to guess why.
Holt: I like to play. I'd say she's in line at the bank. This is fun.
Jake: It is fun, but you're all wrong. She clearly slipped through a subway grate and is having terrible sex with a mole man.
:[Amy enters]
Jake: There she is. Amy! Where have you been? We've been worried sick! Do you care to explain yourself?!
Amy: I'm just seventy seconds late! It's not a big deal. Don't worry about it.
Holt: Santiago, you will tell us, and you will tell us now.
Amy: ...There was a problem at the bank.
Holt: [claps] HOT DAMN!
%
Jake: Hello, District Attorney Kurm. I got lucky last night.
Kurm: That's great. Gary, the defense attorney, isn't gonna be here.
Jake: Oh, is he sore from high-fiving criminals he's gotten out of jail?
Terry: Did he get a murderer off who then murdered him to celebrate?
Kurm: Yup. Anyway, Gary broke his leg, so he's being replaced.
Jake: "Replaced"? He should be put down! Like a horse! So who's the new sub-human piece of human garbage?
Kurm: Sophia Perez.
Jake: Oh, God.
%
Jake: Full disclosure, your Honor. Last night Miss Perez and I got inebriated and we had colitis.
Judge Marinovich: Colitis?
Sophia: Coitus.
Jake: Yeah, that.
Judge Marinovich: A cop and a defense attorney sleeping together? That's highly unusual.
Jake: At the time I did not know she was a defense attorney. I should have been able to guess, however, based on her ability to lie all over me.
Sophia: Ha ha! Oh, cop's attempt to be clever. It's like watching a horse trying to eat with a fork.
Jake: Majestic and hilarious? Take a cold shower, horn-dog, we're at work! But in all seriousness, your honor, I do think she should recuse herself from the trial.
Sophia: Why? You think I might tell everyone in the courtroom that you like to be the little spoon?
Jake: [Defensive] Everyone likes to be the little spoon; it makes you feel safe! Carl, back me up on this.
Kurm: Yes. Little spoon all the way.
Jake: See?
Sophia: Look, I am not recusing myself. I talked to my client about it and he is fine with me staying on.
Judge Marinovich: If the defendant is okay with it, and you two can be mature in the courtroom, then I see no reason why we can't proceed.
Jake: Great. I can be mature.
Sophia: Says the guy who uses a sunglasses case as a wallet.
Jake: Stuff can be two things! Open up your refrigerator, boom! Air conditioner! Life hacked! Carl, back me up.
Kurm: I mean, it's not very green.
Jake: Oh, Carl.

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 2)
%
Amy: Captain Holt's uncle passed away. They weren't close, but I wanted to do something.
Jake: Flowers are an interesting choice, Santiago. But I can still beat you.
Amy: Beat me at expressing condolences?
Jake: Yup- it's on! Flowers are a gift, and Captain Holt hates gifts. I think a thoughtful email is the way to go here. [Gets out his cell phone] "Dear Captain, we were all so sorry for your loss." Group sentiment, very meaningful. "Please let us know if there's anything we can do." Selfless act.
Boyle: Very respectful.
Jake: Correct. I am the king of respectfulness, bitches!
Amy: Hey, did you send that from your personal or work account?
Jake: Personal. It's a personal matter, involving a personal friend and his personal uncle.
Amy: So you remembered to turn off your signature, right?
Jake: Oh, no.
:[Jake gets up and hurries to Holt's office.]
Jake: Hey, Captain, I just sent you an email, uh...
Holt: "Dear Captain, we were all so sorry for your loss. Please let us know if there's anything we can do." Sent from, "My Stinky Butt."
Jake: I was hacked?
Holt: Thank you for the email. It means a lot to me.
Jake: You're very welcome.
Holt: I was addressing your stinky butt.
%
Jake: Okay, here's the deal. The HAZMAT guys did some preliminary tests, and the substance is not baking powder.
Lawyer: Oh. Was it Anthrax?
Jake: We don't know yet. But I promise you, as soon as they tell me, you'll be the first to know.
Boyle: Well, second after me, so third overall. Still pretty good.
Jake: I just don't want people to panic. So I'm asking for your help to keep this thing quiet, so we can have the chillest biohazard lockdown in Brooklyn. Yeah?
Lawyer: Of course. I understand.
Jake: Great. Thank you. [The lawyer leaves Captain Holt's office.] See, if you talk to people like humans, they'll be reasonable. I mean, it's just good- oh, why is he standing on that chair?
Lawyer: Hey, everyone! They lied to us! It's friggin Anthrax!

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 2)
%
Jake: Hey, it's me. Please open the door. Come on, let's talk. I'm sorry.
Old Guy: Can I help you?
Jake: Oh, no, you're not Sophia.
Sophia: Hey, Jake! Over here, man!
Jake: Oh. I'm so sorry, sir, you were a wrong door.
Old Guy: You were a wrong door!
:[The Old Guy slams his door shut.]
Jake: That's a very angry man! I know what that sounded like at dinner, but I promise, I am not into Amy.
Sophia: It's not what I heard, Jake. It's what I saw. You should've seen the look on your face when you found out Amy liked you. Gah! Listen to me! "Liked"? I'm an adult! All this "who-likes-who" stuff sounds very high school!
Jake: I know, it's stupid, you're totally right! But the point is, I like you!
Sophia: Then you're sure you're over Amy?
Jake: Yes! I mean, I didn't knock on Amy's door. I knocked on yours.
Sophia: Actually, you knocked on his door. And I'm pretty sure he's listening.
Old Guy: No, I'm not! Who's Amy?
%
Holt: Good morning, Boyle.
Boyle: Oh, good morning, Captain Holt.
Holt: After our disagreement yesterday, I went online to read your culinary blogs and scoff. To my dismay, I actually learned something about how food tells a story. So I made Kevin this.
Boyle: It's warm.
Holt: It's a croque monsieur. Kevin and I shared one on a rainy afternoon in Paris on our first anniversary. It's one of our most treasured memories. I'm sure it's not up to your standards, but Kevin seemed to enjoy it. So thank you, for your guidance.
:[Holt walks back to his office; Boyle watches him, then immediately gets out the croque monsieur and takes a bite, closing his eyes and sighing.]
Hitchcock: Gross, huh?
Boyle: No. It's perfect! He's a natural chef! Now I know how Salieri felt.

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 2)
%
Boyle: Come on, guys. I grew a goatee and it looks amazing and I know you can see it.
Diaz: Of course we can see it, Charles. It's horrible.
Gina: It looks like you unclogged a shower drain with your mouth.
Jake: Yeah, you look exactly like the guy in the "Don't talk to strangers" poster.
Boyle: No, I don't.
Holt: Are you talking about your new goatee? I think it's a good choice for your face. Come over here so I can take a better look.
Boyle: [walking over to Holt] Thank you, captain. I knew you'd appreciate Bianca. [to the bullpen] That's right, I call her Bianca because she's dark and thick like my first cousin Bianca.
Holt: [puts on glasses, examines Boyle's goatee] Jeffords, Peralta. Now.
[Terry restrains Boyle]
Jake: Say goodbye to Bianca, Boyle. [reveals an electric razor and turns it on]
Boyle: Bianca! NOOOOO!

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 2)
%
Scully: It's interesting. This Orsk guy's name keep's cropping up in this case.
Boyle: Because he's the victim. He's the guy who's window was smashed with this rock. Okay? He's being extorted for $10,000.
Hitchcock: Sure, but what do they want from him?
Boyle: $10,000. I just said that. We're trying to figure out who's doing the threatening.
Scully: Wait. I have a theory. I think "limousine" and "magazine" come from the same word.
Boyle: Just focus! Sorry for snapping. I interviewed Orsk-
Scully: Orsk! There it is again!
Boyle: Oh, you're useless! You're completely useless! You are without a doubt the most incompetent detectives I've ever seen! And I'm including that bomb-sniffing dog, who humps all the bombs!
%
Jake: Where were you? You were gone for three hours. I know because I sang "This Is How We Do It" 143 times.
Hoytsman: Okay, well, I had to grab a few things at the art supply store. Kidnapping is 90% crafting. Jake, you're gonna help me get my life back. You're gonna confess on video to framing me for everything that got me in trouble.
Jake: And why would I do that?
Hoytsman: Because I'm high on bath salts, emotionally unstable, and pointing a gun at you!
Jake: Let's make a movie!

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 2)
