Holt: Detectives, our monthly crime statistics are due. I want paperwork on all your closed cases by tomorrow. Scully, you can just write "I didn't close any" on a piece of paper.
Scully: You got it.
Amy: I already got my paperwork in, Captain.
Holt: Then I guess this little reminder isn't for you.
Jake: [Quietly] Wow, looks like he hates you even more than me.
Amy: No, he doesn't. We have a good relationship. We're on the same page.
Holt: Something to share with the rest of us, Santiago?
Amy: No, sir. I wasn't- [Turns and points behind her] Peralta was the one that was talking!
Jake: God, you must have been the worst fourth grader ever.
Amy: Joke's on you; I skipped fourth grade.
Holt: Santiago! Anything else?
%
Jake: I happen to be a very good secondary.
:[In a flashback]
Amy: So you were just borrowing those cars?
:[Jake starts banging on the one-way glass from outside the interrogation room]
Jake: Ask about his bank account. Ask about his bank account! Ask him about his bank- [The glass shatters] -account. You should ask him about his bank account. [Leaving] Captain! Santiago broke the glass!

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 1)
%
Jake: I swear, these perps are so stupid. I'd make a better criminal than any of 'em.
Boyle: Yeah, you would! And everyone would call you "The Handsome Bandit".
Jake: Thank you, Charles. And the best part is, none of you could catch me.
Terry: Oh, come on.
Holt: I'm fairly certain you would be caught. No, scratch that. I'm 100% sure you'd be caught.
Jake: Ho-ho-ho! All right, challenge accepted.
Holt: I didn't issue a challenge.
Jake: Fine, I'll issue it for you. What's the most valuable thing in your office?
Holt: My Medal of Valor.
Jake: God, you are such a hero. All right, how about this; I bet you that by midnight tonight, I can steal the Medal of Valor from your office.
Holt: Why would I possibly agree to that?
Jake: Because if I lose, I'll work the next five weekends. No overtime. And I won't tell anyone here about the time I saw you wearing short-shorts outside of work. But if I win-
Holt: You won't.
Jake: -you have to do all of my paperwork tonight, the busiest and spookiest night of the year. And you have to publicly state that I am an amazing detective/genius.
Holt: And this won't interfere with you doing your job?
Jake: You mean my job as an amazing detective/genius? No, it will not. I will do all of my work, guaranteed.
Holt: I'm considering it. I'm interested. I agree to participate.
Jake: All right, there's the robot I fell in love with.
%
Holt: [Sees Jake in a janitor's costume] Nice costume Peralta.
Jake: No Peralta here! Just a janitor pushing trash around.
Holt: Come out of there!
Jake: [Sighing] Captain! Hey!
Holt: You really thought this was gonna work?
Jake: Um it did work. This whole janitor gambit was designed to fail. It's just like in chess. Sometimes, in order to win, you need to sacrifice your king.
Holt: That's exactly how you lose in chess. Have you ever played the game?
%
Jake: 20 seconds to spare. Game over, Captain. Check me.
Holt: I think you mean "Checkmate". You really need to learn how to play chess. How'd you get everyone to help you?
Jake: I appealed to their sense of teamwork and camaraderie with a rousing speech that would put Shakespeare to shame.
:[In a flashback, Jake is standing on a chair in front of the other detectives, speaking in a terrible Scottish accent.]
Jake: For too long we've been put down, ridiculed, made to wear ties! But no more! For today, we defeat him!
:[Back in the interrogation room.]
Holt: And that worked?
Jake: No. Oh, no, not at all. My speech did not inspire them. So I bribed them. I told them that if we pulled this off I would do all of their paperwork. And since you're doing all of my paperwork...
Holt: I'm impressed, Peralta. Well done.
Jake: Thank you, sir.
:[Holt goes to the interrogation room door and opens it.]
Boyle: In fact, the thing you failed to see, Captain, is that teamwork is the... [Holt walks out of the room past him.]
Jake: Captain! Sir? He's not coming back.

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 1)
%
Holt: Detective Peralta has made a collar in the jewelry store heist.
Boyle: Way to go, Jakie! [Raises hand for high five]
Jake: Ah, that's okay... [Grabs Boyle's hand and lowers it]
Holt: No. He didn't get sufficient evidence to make it stick, so we have the next 48 hours to fix his mistake.
:[The officers and detectives in the briefing room groan.]
Amy: Damn it, Jake. What evidence did you have when you arrested this guy?
Jake: Some pretty ironclad stuff.
:[In a flashback, Jake approaches Dustin Whitman at a magazine stand.]
Jake: Dustin; it's been a while. Mind if I ask you a few questions?
Dustin: Well, well. If it isn't Joke Peralta. [Laughs]
Jake: Okay, that's it! You're under arrest!
:[Back in the briefing room.]
Jake: Case closed?
:[Amy shakes her head and glares.]
Holt: If we don't find something conclusive, it jeopardizes the case and opens up the Department to a lawsuit. So cancel your plans. We're here until this is over.
Amy: Damn it, Peralta!
:[The officers and detectives groan again and throw some balls of paper at Jake.]
Holt: Now, I know everyone's mad at Detective Peralta for ruining their weekend.
Jake: But?
Holt: That was it. I was just demonstrating for Detective Peralta what a fact is.
%
Diaz: Damn it, that is amazing.
Gina: This is so good I hate it!
Boyle: You just graduated Pie School, bitches! Sorry I said "bitches", I'm just really worked up.

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 1)
%
Jake: It's good to see you, Sal. I'm so sorry about the fire.
Sal: I can't believe it's gone, Jakey. All of it. The pizza oven. The first dollar bill I ever made. The 7-Up fridge.
Jake: Hey, it's gonna be all right. You'll rebuild.
Sal: The Fire Department's been asking a lot of questions.
Jake: Oh, Fire Department questions. Let me guess: "What part of my face do I put food in? How do you count to one? What's air?"
Sal: They think I torched my own place. You know I wouldn't do something like that, right?
Jake: Yeah, of course. But can you think of anybody who might've done it?
Sal: I can think of ten pizzerias that want me out of the game. That jerk Mario comes to mind. We share a delivery radius.
Boyle: Mario is number ten overall in Brooklyn, and rising fast. He might've wanted to move up the ladder.
Jake: Of one foodie weirdo's personal pizza email blast?
Boyle: Yeah.
Jake: Okay, we'll start with him. Then we'll move on to the rest of your competition, see if anything suspicious turns up.
Boyle: It'll be the perfect opportunity to update my rankings. Can we stop at home for a pizza bib?
Jake: No, Charles, we gotta go fast.
Boyle: Right, right, I'll just use my work bib.
Jake: No, no bib! We're gonna solve this for you, Sal. Sit tight.
%
Holt: So of all the candidates that you interviewed today, who do you think I should hire?
Terry: Well, the interviews got a little off-track. But I'd go with Simon Walker. Computer science degree, worked for the Board of Ed for ten years-
Gina: That guy? No way. He yelled at me when I asked him the same question about Jay-Z three times in a row.
Terry: Why's that important?
Gina: Because whoever takes this I.T. job is gonna have to deal with Hitchcock asking how to log in to his email every single day forever. How do you think Professor Short Fuse is gonna handle that?
Terry: Fine. What about this guy?
Gina: No! He was scared of everything! Do you remember Rosa's reaction the last time the printer jammed?
Terry: Fine. But what was with the flossing?
Gina: A police precinct is a pretty gross place, Ter-Bear. Blood, wounds, Scully's feet. You need a strong stomach, and that lady did not have one. Plus, we have the perfect candidate already: Savant.
Terry: That punk who hacked us?
Gina: Precisely. Captain, turn your greatest weakness into your greatest strength, like Paris Hilton, RE: her sex tape.
Holt: Get to the point.
Gina: Savant tore our walls down, but he can build them back up, taller and thicker than ever.
Terry: But how can we be sure he won't turn on us?
Gina: His mom ratted him out, so I bet he'd love a steady paycheck to get outta that snitch's house. [Laughs] If I had a mike right now, I'd drop it.

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 1)
%
Terry: Scully.
Scully: Hey there, Sarge.
Terry: I know you got a secret stash of food hidden somewhere.
Scully: Oh, no.
Terry: Where is it?
Scully: No, I don't!
Terry: Is it in your pockets?
Scully: Oh, come on!
Terry: I'm gonna shake it outta your pockets. Turn around.
:[Terry picks up Scully, turns him upside down, and starts shaking him.]
Scully: Sarge! Oh, Sarge!
Hitchcock: Go limp, Scully!
Scully: This is fun!
Terry: Release! Your! Sweets!
%
Holt: Same to you, your Honor. [Hangs up the phone.]
Jake: Oh, what judge were you talking to?
Holt: That was my mother.
Jake: You call your mom "your Honor"?
Holt: She's a federal judge on the 9th Circuit. What else would I call her?

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 1)
%
Amy: Peralta.
Jake: Santiago. The bet ends today. Are you ready?
Amy: I was born ready.
Jake: To lose? The whole question was, "Are you ready to lose?" and you said you were born that way.
Amy: Twist my words all you want.
Jake: Okay.
Amy: I'm winning this bet.
Hitchcock: What bet? What're you guys talking about?
Terry: Seriously? The bet? They've been keeping score all year. It comes up all the time. What are you doin all day?
Hitchcock: Nothin'. Why, you wanna hang out?
%
:[Two men have backed a cargo truck up to a building one night and are getting to work as Jake and Amy approach them.]
Jake: All right, fine, darling; I'll ask him. Excuse me, sir!
Man: We're kind of busy here.
Jake: Yeah, my girlfriend here, thinks we're lost.
Amy: No, I know we're lost! I think he's an idiot.
Jake: Idiot?! Do you know why we're out here in the middle of the night, Susan? I was gonna propose to you! On the Brooklyn Bridge, where we met.
Amy: Brooklyn Bridge?! We met on the Manhattan Bridge!
Jake: You know what? This is over. Say goodbye to this ring and everything it represents! [Jake holds up the ring and throws it away.]
Amy: [Gasps] You son of a bitch!
Man: Hey! Stop yelling.
Jake: Hey, no one talks to Susan like that. And you know what else? [Jake and Amy draw their concealed pistols] On the ground! NYPD! You're under arrest! [The two men put their hands behind their heads and get on their knees.] Nice work.
Amy: You, too.
Man: I'm sad y'all are arresting me, but I gotta say, I'm glad you're back together.

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 1)
%
[Peralta enters wine shop]
Jake: Hello good sir, I would like your finest bottle of wine, please.
Clerk: That will be $1,600. 
Jake: Great, I'd like your $8-Est bottle of wine, please. 
%
Jake: Hello again, Professor Kevin Cozner.
Kevin: What do you want?
Jake: I'd like to talk to you about a case I solved.
Kevin: Thank you, but just as with my home, my office has a strict "no cop talk" policy.
Jake: I figured. But the case that I have solved is the case of the "no cop talk policy". There were three things that bothered me about last night: you didn't want the 9-9 at your party, even though you'd never met us, your friends immediately asked Hitchcock and Scully if they were harassed, and there was something interesting about that photo in your library. You and the captain were shunted off to the side. I don't think you dislike cop talk; I think you dislike cops.
Kevin: I'm married to one.
Jake: I know. And I can't imagine it's been fun to watch the man you love marginalized, underappreciated, and disrespected by the NYPD.
Kevin: Because he's gay, Raymond has been put through hell by his colleagues. Many of whom, quite frankly, look exactly like you.
Jake: Devastatingly handsome? I'm sorry. I'm uncomfortable with emotions.
Kevin: So, yes. I decided a long time ago that just because I love Raymond, doesn't mean I have to love the people he works with. Good solve, Detective.
Jake: Nice cop lingo! Look, I'm really sorry that we ruined your party. I'd love to make it up to you.

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 1)
