Jake: How's the Sheriff?
Amy: Well, he keeps yelling, "Disability for life!" so I think he's fine.

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 4)
%
Jake: Well, frankly, I pity the lot of you. You look out there and see a problem, I look out there and see an opportunity. I'm gonna slide on that slippery floor all the way from Holt's office to the elevator.
Diaz: You're gonna do the F.B.P.!
Jake: That's right, Rosa. I'm doing the Full Bullpen!
:[Jake prepares by stretching. Terry puts on Jake's helmet and Amy kisses Jake before strapping him on.]
Jake: Here we go.
:[When Gina waves the starting flag, Jake slides across the floor to the tune of Starship's "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now". Everyone cheers him on.]
Terry: [in slow motion] Yes!
:[Everyone continues to root for Jake until he arrives at the elevator, which opens. Holt is inside to everyone's horror.]
Boyle, Terry and Diaz: [in slow motion] Nooooo!!!!
Jake: [in slow motion] OOOOHHH!!!
Holt: [in slow motion] What?
Jake: Hold on, I can't stop!
:[Jake collides with Holt and the elevator closes. Everybody cringes. The elevator opens again and Holt and Jake exit. Holt grabs Jake's hand and raises it up.]
Holt: THE FULL BULLPEN!
%
Amy: Okay, we have got to explain this thing to Captain Holt to save their relationship. And you laughed at me when I went to that weekend-long math conference.
Diaz: Because you called it "Funky Cats and Their Feisty Stats".
Amy: That was the name! It was so cool!
Diaz:  It was not. Anyway, it's not about the math. They haven't seen each other because of the night shift. They just need to bone.
Amy: What?! Gross! Rosa, those are our dads! [Diaz is taken aback.] I mean, that's not what I think. Captain Dad is just my boss.
Diaz:  [Diaz is surprised.] Wow.
Amy: [exasperated] Never mind! I'm teaching Father the math.
: [Diaz tilts her head, still surprised and amazed at what she's hearing.]
Amy: Whatever, Rosa!
: [Amy hurriedly leaves, and Diaz still looks on at Amy.]
%
Holt: I don't need Monty Hall ruining my place at work when Monty Hall has already ruined my home life. 
Diaz: Come on, sir. The math thing isn't the problem. The night shift is keeping you and Kevin apart. You two just need to bone.
Amy: [Mortified squeak]
Holt: What did you say?
Amy: [whispers] Don't say it again.
Diaz: I said you two need to bone.
:[Amy closes her eyes.]
Holt: How DARE YOU, DETECTIVE DIAZ. I AM YOUR SUPERIOR OFFICER!
:[5 minutes later, Amy is shuddering in her seat, Diaz is apathetic, and Holt is at his doorframe.]
Holt: BONE!!!!
:[10 minutes later]
Holt: What happens in my bedroom, Detective, is none of your business.
:[21 minutes later, Amy is still shuddering in her seat, Diaz is still apathetic, and Holt is bouncing at his doorframe.]
Holt: BONE??!!
:[40 minutes later]
Holt: Don't ever speak to me like that again.
:[Holt leaves, Amy lifts her head to Diaz.]
Amy: Why did you do that?
Diaz: Dude was pent up. Now he knows. Problem solved.
%
Amy: Oh, Captain! I know you don't wanna talk about Monty Hall, but I did contact a Math professor. 
Holt: No need, Santiago, it's all good. 
Amy: So the fight with Kevin is over?
Holt: Yup!
Amy: Because you understand the math now?
Holt: Nope!
Diaz: Because you guys...
Holt: Yup!
Diaz: I knew it. [Diaz goes to leave but quickly turns back to Amy] See what happened is your dads had sex.
Amy: [Amy quickly stands up to leave] Okay, Rosa!

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 4)
%
Jake: Hey there, Boyle. How's your weekend?
Boyle: Well, actually, I got a little sick.
Jake: Oh, really? I'm sorry to hear that, man.
Boyle: Yeah, well, Bullets Over Broadway was on TV. I came down with a big old Dianne Wiest infection.
Jake: [stares impassively]
Boyle: [continues to smile]
Jake: [stares impassively]
Boyle: [continues to smile] ...Like YEAST!
%
Deputy Commissioner Ultrecht: Hello. We're here to honor Captain Jason Stentley, who single-handedly brought down a major drug ring. So it is my pleasure to bestow upon him the Medal of Honor. Captain Stentley.
Stentley: Bestow me, baby! Oh, wow. That's a lotta people. Uh... Baba-booie! Cornholio! That's it for my prepared remarks. Any questions?
Reporter 1: Will taking down one drug dealer make a big difference in the overall level of drugs moving into the city?
Stentley: No idea. Next!
Reporter 2: What's your philosophy for dealing with international narcotics supply chains?
Stentley: Didn't understand the question. Next!
Reporter 1: Why was Flaco targeted for this operation?
Stentley: Okay, there's a question I can answer. Uh, uh- well, it all started because I lost a huge bag of cocaine, so I totally biffed it. Uh-
:[Deputy Commissioner Ultrecht commandeers the podium.]
Ultrecht: Thank you, Captain. That is- that's plenty.
Jake: That was a train wreck.
Holt: Yes, he never should've been put in that position. Whoever recommended him for the medal and called all those reporters really messed up. [Smiles]
Jake: Wait, what are you saying?
Holt: Oh, nothing. It just seems as if CJ has been... overmined.
Jake: And you used my made-up word!
Holt: I did. I hated it, "overmined!" [Sighs] What have I become? Was this whole thing even worth it?
Jake: It was no snacksident.
%
Diaz: So the foot massage place reported $7 million in profit last year. To make that much they'd have had to massage 100 feet an hour, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, for the entire year.
Boyle: Damn it! We have to shut them down.
Diaz: Wait. Let's not be hasty about this. Let's think this through. We wanna be smart about this.
Boyle: Right. What if we bust them tonight, and then tomorrow, I'm chasing a murderer, and I'm about to get him and my foot cramps up?
Diaz: Due to lack of massaging.
Boyle: Then the murderer gets away!
Diaz: Know who he kills next? The Mayor.
Boyle: Oh, my God. The City has no mayor now.
Diaz: It's chaos. Rioting, looting, panic in the streets. 
Boyle: They gotta call in the National Guard, there's tanks rolling down Fifth Avenue, declaring martial law!
Diaz: All because we shut down a foot massage place.
Boyle: That was doing God's work! What were we thinking?
Diaz: So it's agreed. We let them stay open, for the sake of the city.
Boyle: For the sake of the city.
:[They sit for a few moments.]
Diaz: We have to do our stupid jobs, don't we?
Boyle: Yeah, let me get my stupid gun.
%
Diaz: NYPD! Get down on the comfortable matted floor!
Boyle: Put your magical hands where I can see them!
Diaz: You're under arrest for ruining something perfect!
Boyle: And money laundering.
Diaz: Yes, money laundering! Whatever!

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 4)
%
[Doug Judy, the Pontiac Bandit, and his foster brother George have Jake and Holt at gunpoint.]
Jake: What the hell, Judy? I thought we were friends!
Doug Judy: I don't know why you thought that.
Jake: Because you kept saying we were! We had hard plans to go to Niagara Falls!
George Judy: So bro, you friends with this cop?
Doug Judy: No. This thirsty-ass bitch just desperate for attention.
Jake: "Thirsty-ass bitch"? Okay, Captain, now I know you're gonna step in to defend me.
Holt: Well, you were begging me to compliment you earlier.
Jake: Oh, my God, this is the worst day of my life! Where's Charles?
George Judy: So if you're not friends, you won't mind if I waste 'im, right?
Jake: Of course he minds! I mean, sure, we're enemies, but in a playful way. Like Tom and Jerry. Oh, my God, was Tom trying to eat Jerry? My whole life is a lie!
Doug Judy: Shoot 'im.
Jake: No, no, no! Those can't be my last words! Uh, ¡ay, caramba!
[George Judy pulls the trigger, but his pistol dry-fires.]
George Judy: The hell?
[Doug Judy slams his pistol into his foster brother's head, knocking him out.]
Doug Judy: Whoops. Looks like someone forgot to put bullets in his brother's gun.
%
Holt: I just got off the phone with the D.A. And for aiding in the capture of George Judy, you have officially been granted immunity from all your past crimes.
Doug Judy: So I'm a free man?
Holt: [Nods] Mm.
[Doug Judy leans back and takes in his first breath as a free man.]
Doug Judy: Nope. Still smells the same.
Jake: I'm sorry that I doubted you. But you did drive off with the guy we were chasing.
Doug Judy: Had to. I saw he was about to get away, so I tricked him into thinking I was on his side. It's crazy how good I am at your job.
Holt: Look, I owe you both an apology. Doug Judy, I underestimated your honesty. And Peralta, I underestimated your instincts.
Jake: Yeah, I'm gonna need a lot more from you than that.
Holt: Fine. You're a good cop, even if you are a thirsty-ass bitch.
Jake: Wow. Solve a pretty intense murder and just crap all over me.
Doug Judy: Hey, Cap'n, got you a little somethin'-somethin'. [Pulls the cover off a nearby car, revealing a red 1963 Chevrolet Corvair Monza Spyder convertible.]
Holt: Gertie?
Doug Judy: Nope. But she is the same make, model, and color.
Holt: Oh, my God, you stole this! I can't be seen driving a stolen-
Doug Judy: Relax, man. I bought this at a used car lot for, like, $600. This is not a nice vehicle.
Jake: Yeah, it's not.
Doug Judy: And by the way, her name's not Gertie. It's Sexarella.
Holt: Hello, Sexarella.
%
Jake: So, what's next for you, Doug Judy?
Doug Judy: Turning over a new leaf. I'm gonna live that honest life. Maybe open up a bakery, buy a little house, invest in my retirement.
Jake: You're gonna go back to stealing cars immediately, aren't you?
Doug Judy: That's very much on the table, yeah.
Jake: And when you do, I'm gonna be there to stop you.
Doug Judy: No, you won't.
Jake: Yes, I will.
Doug Judy: No, you won't.
Jake: Yes, I will.
Doug Judy: I'm gonna miss you, man.

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 4)
%
Terry: I see you filming, Linetti! What's in the yogurt?
Gina: Normal stuff. Nothing you'd use to make a sidewalk with.
Holt: Attention, squad. I just got word from Peralta and Boyle.
Amy: Did they make their bust? Did they save the precinct?
Holt: No, they decided to bring in a bigger fish. They're not gonna make the hearing.
Diaz: So Jake's doing the right thing instead of the selfish thing? [To Amy] You did this to him.
Holt: Look, I know we want this precinct to survive, but I'm proud of them. Loyalty to your friends and fellow officers is important, but what's more important is our loyalty to this city, and its citizens. I guess what I'm trying to say is... let's go get drunk.
%
Holt: Apparently the community came to our aid. There was a swell of online support orchestrated by an organization called "Ginazone".
Gina: I think you mean "Ginazon". I was behind the bar the whole time. Another great Gina Linetti entrance.
Bartender: I told you- you can't be back here.
Gina: And I told you- I already am!
Jake: What did you do?
Gina: I was live-streaming a prank when Captain Holt made his big speech about how you did the right thing for the city. I guess people were moved, the were like, "What can we do to help?" and I said "Call the Commissioner's office."
Jake: The G-Hive is real! I can't believe you did it! Gina, you're a legend! To the Nine-Nine!
Holt, Terry, Scully, Hitchcock, Amy, Diaz, Boyle: To the Nine-Nine!
:[Everyone drinks the toast but immediately spits out the beer bottles' contents.]
Gina: Y'ALL JUST DRANK CEMEEEEENT!

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 4)
%
Boyle: [after seeing Amy with an unusual hairdo] Jake, what's going on? Why is Amy's hair like that?
Jake: Oh, she obsessively braids her hair when she's nervous, and she's super nervous 'cause she's taking the sergeant's exam today.
<hr width=50%>
Diaz: So she's stress-braiding. Big deal. That's like a one on the Santiago panic scale.
Jake: Yeah, but we've also jumped up to level two: creepily singing songs from The Great American Songbook. [In a flashback, Amy sits up creepily singing "You're a Grand Old Flag" while Jake lies awake listening.] So, yeah, it's a little tough right now, but I think the worst is behind us.
Amy: WHY ARE YOU TAKING SO LONG TO COOK MY FRICKIN' OATMEAL?!
[Amy picks up the microwave, throws it on the floor, pulls out her collapsible baton, and starts beating and stomping the microwave.]
Jake: She'll be okay.

 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine (season 4)
