Walder Frey: You're wondering why I brought you all here. After all, we just had a feast. Since when does old Walder give two feasts in a single fortnight? Well, it's no good being Lord of the Riverlands if you can't celebrate with your family, that's what I say! I've gathered every Frey that means anything so that I can tell you my plans for this Great House, now that winter has come. But first...a toast!
House Frey: Aye!
Walder Frey: No more of that Dornish horse-piss!  This is the finest Arbor Gold. Proper wine for proper heroes!
House Frey: Hear, hear! 
Walder Frey: Stand together!
House Frey: Stand together! 
[They drink, but Walder halts his own cup inches from his lips, watching them. Kitty Frey attempts to take a cup and drink but Walder stops her.]
Walder Frey: Not you. I'm not wasting good wine on a damn woman. [To his men] Maybe I'm not the most pleasant man, I'll admit it. But I'm proud of you lot.  You're my family. The men who helped me slaughter the Starks at the Red Wedding. [they all start cheering] Yes, yes. Cheer. Brave men, all of you. Butchered a woman, pregnant with her baby. Cut the throat of a mother of five. Slaughtered your guests after inviting them into your home.
[Several of the Freys begin to cough]
Walder Frey: But... you didn't slaughter every one of the Starks. No, no- that was your mistake. You should've ripped them all out, root and stem!
[The Freys all begin choking, many of them vomiting blood and collapsing]
Walder Frey: Leave one wolf alive, and the sheep are never safe.
[As the last of the Freys collapse dead on the floor, Walder reaches up and removes his face, revealing that "he" is actually Arya Stark, who turns to a terrified Kitty Frey.]
Arya Stark: When people ask you what happened here, tell them the North remembers. Tell them winter came for House Frey. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Jon Snow: You are my sister, but I am King, now.
Sansa Stark: Will you start wearing a crown?
Jon Snow: When you question my decisions in front of the other Lords and Ladies, you undermine me!
Sansa Stark: So I can't question your decisions anymore?!
Jon Snow: Of course you can!  But-
Sansa Stark: Joffrey never let anyone question his authority. You think he was a good King?
Jon Snow: Do you think I'm Joffrey?
Sansa Stark: You're as far from Joffrey as anyone I've ever met.
Jon Snow: Thank you. 
Sansa Stark: You're good at this, you know.
Jon Snow: At what?
Sansa Stark: At ruling.
Jon Snow: No.
Sansa Stark: You are! You are. They respect you, they really do, but... [Jon smirks] Why are you laughing?
Jon Snow: What did Father use to say? "Everything before the word 'but' is horse-shit."
Sansa Stark: He never said that to me.
Jon Snow: No. No, he never cursed in front of his girls.
Sansa Stark: Because he was trying to protect us. He never wanted us to see how dirty the world really is, but... Father couldn't protect me, and neither could you. So stop trying.
Jon Snow: All right. I'll stop trying to protect you, and you stop trying to undermine me.
Sansa Stark: I'm not trying to undermine you! You have to be smarter than Father. You need to be smarter than Robb. I loved them, I miss them both, but they made stupid mistakes, and they lost their heads for it!  
Jon Snow: And how should I be smarter? By listening to you?
Sansa Stark: Would that be so terrible? 
[Maester Wolkan approaches]
Maester Wolkan: A raven from King's Landing, Your Grace. 
[Wolkan bows and leaves as Jon unrolls the scroll]
Jon Snow: "Cersei of House Lannister, First of Her Name, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms..."
Sansa Stark: What does she want?
Jon Snow: "Come to King's Landing. Bend the knee, or suffer the fate of all traitors."
Sansa Stark: You've been so consumed with the enemy to the north that you've forgotten about the one to the south.
Jon Snow: I'm concerned with the Night King because I've seen him. And, believe me, you'd think of little else if you had, too.
Sansa Stark: We still have a Wall between us and the Night King; there's nothing between us and Cersei.
Jon Snow: There's a thousand miles between us and Cersei. Winter is here, the Lannisters are a southern army. They've never ranged this far North.
Sansa Stark: You're the military man but I know her. If you're her enemy, she'll never stop until she's destroyed you. Everyone who's ever crossed her, she's found a way to murder.
Jon Snow: You almost sound as if you admire her.
Sansa Stark: I learned a great deal from her.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
[Cersei is having a floor-map of Westeros renewed. Jaime arrives and observes for a moment, then nods at the painter, who leaves]
Jaime Lannister: What is this?
Cersei Lannister: It's what we've been waiting for our whole lives. It's what Father trained us for, whether he knew it or not.
Jaime Lannister: He knew it. Made me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and mountain.
Cersei Lannister: It's ours now. We just have to take it. You've been quiet since you came home. Are you angry with me?
Jaime Lannister:  No, not angry.
Cersei Lannister: Are you afraid of me?
Jaime Lannister: Should I be?
Cersei Lannister: Daenerys Targaryen has chosen Tyrion to be her Hand. Right now, they're sailing across the Narrow Sea, hoping to take back her father's throne. Our little brother, the one you love so much. The one you set free. The one who murdered our father, and our firstborn son. Now, he stands beside our enemies and gives them counsel. He's out there, somewhere, at the head of an armada. Where will they land?
Jaime Lannister: [indicates a point on the map] Dragonstone. They have deep water ports for their ships. Stannis left the castle unoccupied, and that's where she was born.
Cersei Lannister: Enemies to the east. Enemies to the south, Ellaria Sand and her brood of bitches. Enemies to the west, Olenna, the old cunt, another traitor. Enemies to the North. Ned Stark's bastard has been named King in the North, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him. Enemies everywhere, we're surrounded by traitors. You're in command of the Lannister army now. How do we proceed? 
Jaime Lannister: Winter is here. We can't win a war if we can't feed our men and our horses. The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
Cersei Lannister: Will the Tyrell bannermen stand alongside a Dothraki horde, and Unsullied slave soldiers?
Jaime Lannister: If they think Daenerys will win. No one wants to fight on the losing side. Right now, we look like the losing side.
Cersei Lannister: I'm the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms.
Jaime Lannister: Three Kingdoms, at best. I'm not sure you understand how much danger we're in.
Cersei Lannister: I understand we're in a war for survival. I understand whoever loses dies. I understand that whoever wins could launch a dynasty that could last a thousand years.
Jaime Lannister: A dynasty for whom? Our children are dead. We're the last of us.
Cersei Lannister: A dynasty for us, then. 
Jaime Lannister: We never talked about Tommen.
[Cersei hurriedly walks over to the wine and pours herself a glass]
Cersei Lannister: There's nothing to say.
Jaime Lannister: Our baby boy killed himself.
Cersei Lannister: He betrayed me. He betrayed us both. [Jaime shakes his head at her in disbelief] Should we spend our days mourning the dead? Mother, Father, and all our children?
Jaime Lannister: Cersei...
Cersei Lannister: I loved them, I did! But they're ashes now, and we're still flesh and blood. We're the last Lannisters. The last ones who count. 
Jaime Lannister: Even Lannisters can't survive without allies. Where are our allies now? You saw what happened to Walder Frey and his family.
Cersei Lannister: I heard. How could we ever trust a man like that?
Jaime Lannister: We couldn't. He was a useless, old coward but the Freys supported us. Now, they're all dead. Whoever killed them is no friend of ours. We need allies. Stronger, better allies.  We can't win this war alone.
Cersei Lannister: You think I listened to Father for forty years and learned nothing?

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
[Cersei and Jaime watch a fleet bearing the Greyjoy sigil approach King's Landing]
Jaime Lannister: You invited the Greyjoys to King's Landing?
Cersei Lannister: Not all of them.
Jaime Lannister: Well it looks like all of them.
Cersei Lannister: I invited Euron Greyjoy, the new King of the Iron Islands. You said yourself we need stronger, better allies. There you are.
Jaime Lannister: How are they better allies? How are they different from the Freys? They both broke their promises and murdered their former friends as soon as it suited them.
Cersei Lannister: So does everyone, when it suits them. Unlike the Freys, they have ships, and they're good at killing.
Jaime Lannister: They're not good at anything. I know the Ironborn. They're bitter, angry little people. All they know how to do is steal the things they can't build or grow themselves.
Cersei Lannister: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here for that.
Jaime Lannister: What did he come here for, then?
Cersei Lannister: A queen. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Euron Greyjoy: The moment I was chosen Lord of the Iron Islands, they turned on me, their own uncle! They stole my best ships and ran, sailed them right across the world and gave them to the Dragon Queen, so she could bring her armies here to attack you. It's nothing compared to the treason you've suffered at the hands of a family member, from what I hear, but still, it bothers me. Murdering them would make me feel a lot better...and since it appears that all our treasonous family members are fighting for the same side, I thought we rightful monarchs could murder them together!
Jaime Lannister: You're not a rightful monarch though, are you? The Greyjoys rebelled against the throne for the right to be monarchs, but as I recall, you were soundly defeated. Come to think of it, weren't you the one who started that rebellion by sailing to Casterly Rock and burning the Lannister fleet? You certainly caught us there. Very smart move on your part. Of course, we all made it to the Iron Islands anyway. I was there.
Euron Greyjoy: I remember very well; I saw you. I heard so much talk: 'The best in the world, no one can stop him'. I didn't believe it to be honest, but I must say, when you rushed through the breach and started cutting people down, it was glorious! Like a dance.
Jaime Lannister: [repulsed] The people I was cutting down were your own kin!
Euron Greyjoy: [ambivalent] Place was getting crowded. I enjoyed watching it, I truly did. 
Jaime Lannister: And I enjoyed killing Greyjoys.
Euron Greyjoy: A good thing for me. If you hadn't crushed us, I wouldn't have gone into exile, and if I hadn't done that, I wouldn't be the greatest captain on the fourteen seas!
Cersei Lannister: If not the most humble.
Euron Greyjoy: You're not humble. [Cersei inclines her head, conceding the point] You're the Queen of a great nation. You don't care about the Iron Islands. There are nothing but rocks and bird shit there and a lot of very unattractive people. The Iron Fleet, on the other hand...that's something else entirely. It's the greatest armada Westeros has ever seen; with the Iron Fleet, you own the seas! You can defeat the invaders in the east and the pretenders in the north and south.
Cersei Lannister: What do you want in return?
Euron Greyjoy: Ever since I was a little boy, I wanted to grow up and marry the most beautiful woman in the world. So here I am, with a thousand ships...and two good hands! 
Cersei Lannister: I decline your proposal.
Euron Greyjoy: Why?
Cersei Lannister: You're not trustworthy. You've broken promises to allies before and murdered them at the nearest opportunity. You murdered your own brother.
Euron Greyjoy: You should try it. It feels wonderful! I don't expect you to trust me outright. You need proof of my honest intentions. In my experience, the surest way to a woman's heart is with a gift, a priceless gift. I won't return to King's Landing until I have that for you.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Daenerys Targaryen: You served my father, didn't you, Lord Varys?
Varys:  I did.
Daenerys Targaryen: And then you served the man who overthrew him?
Varys:  I had a choice, Your Grace. Serve Robert Baratheon, or face the headsman's ax.
Daenerys Targaryen: But you didn't serve him long. You turned against him.
Varys: Robert was an improvement on your father, to be sure. There have been few rulers in history as cruel as the Mad King. Robert was neither mad nor cruel; he simply had no interest in being King.
Daenerys Targaryen: So, you took it upon yourself to find a better one?
Tyrion Lannister:  Your Grace, when I was ready to drink myself into a small coffin, Lord Varys told me about a queen in the East...
Daenerys Targaryen: Before I came to power, you favored my brother. All your spies, your little birds, did they tell you Viserys was cruel, stupid and weak? Would those qualities have made for a good King, in your learned opinion?
Varys: Until your marriage to Khal Drogo, Your Grace, I knew nothing about you, save your existence and that you were said to be beautiful.	
Daenerys Targaryen: So, you and your friends traded me, like a prize horse, to the Dothraki?
Varys: Which you turned to your advantage.
Daenerys Targaryen: Who gave the order to kill me?	
Varys: King Robert.	
Daenerys Targaryen: Who hired the assassins? Who sent word to Essos to murder Daenerys Targaryen?
Varys: Your Grace, I did what had to be done...
Daenerys Targaryen: To keep yourself alive?
Tyrion Lannister: Lord Varys has proven himself a loyal servant.	
Daenerys Targaryen: "Proven himself loyal?" Quite the opposite. If he dislikes one monarch, he conspires to crown the next one. What kind of a servant is that?	
Varys: The kind the Realm needs. Incompetence should not be rewarded with blind loyalty. As long as I have my eyes, I'll use them. I wasn't born into a Great House. I came from nothing. I was sold as a slave, and carved up as an offering. When I was a child I lived in alleys, gutters, abandoned houses. You wish to know where my loyalties lie? Not with any King or Queen, but with the people. The people who suffer under despots and prosper under just rule. The people whose hearts you aim to win! If you demand blind allegiance... I respect your wishes. Grey Worm can behead me, or your dragons can devour me. But if you let me live, I will serve you well; I will dedicate myself to seeing you on the Iron Throne, because I choose you. Because I know that the people have no better chance than you.
Daenerys Targaryen: Swear this to me, Varys. If you ever think I'm failing the people, you won't conspire behind my back. You'll look me in the eye, as you have done today, and you'll tell me how I am failing them.
Varys: I swear it, my Queen.
Daenerys Targaryen: And I swear this: if you ever betray me, I'll burn you alive.
Varys: [smiles] I would expect nothing less from the Mother of Dragons.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Jaime Lannister: Thank you for coming. The other lords of the Reach look to you for guidance now more than ever; they might not have come if you hadn't.
Randyll Tarly: If my queen summons me, I answer the call. And I've heard what she does to those who defy her.
Jaime Lannister: You ride for Horn Hill today?
Randyll Tarly: I have an army to mobilize. Won't be long before the fighting starts.
Jaime Lannister: And which side will you be fighting for? You were the only man to defeat Robert Baratheon in battle. Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could...
Randyll Tarly: It is a long ride back to the Reach, Ser Jaime. How may I serve?
Jaime Lannister: I want you to be my ranking general in the wars to come. I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei, and I want you to help me destroy her enemies. All her enemies.
Randyll Tarly: Including Olenna Tyrell? I'm a Tarly. That name means something. We're not oathbreakers, we're not schemers. We don't stab our rivals in the back or cut their throats at weddings. I swore an oath to House Tyrell.
Jaime Lannister: You swore an oath to the Crown as well, Lord Tarly.
Randyll Tarly: I've known Olenna since I was a child.
Jaime Lannister: She was a great woman once. Now, she's broken. She wants revenge so badly, she brought the Dothraki to our shores. The Dothraki. In Westeros, for the first time in history. I know you don't like my sister, but you have to make a choice. Do you fight with us, or with the foreign savages and eunuchs? When the war is won, the Queen will need a new Warden of the South. I can think of no better man than Randyll Tarly.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Yara Greyjoy: If you want the Iron Throne, take it. We have an army, a fleet and three dragons. We should hit King's Landing now, hard, with everything we have. The city will fall within a day.
Tyrion Lannister: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands will die in the firestorms.
Ellaria Sand: It's called war. You don't have the stomach for it, scurry back into hiding.
Tyrion Lannister: I know how you wage war. We don't poison little girls here. Myrcella was innocent.
Ellaria Sand: She was a Lannister. There are no innocent Lannisters. My greatest regret is that Oberyn died fighting for you.
Daenerys Targaryen: That's enough! Lord Tyrion is Hand of the Queen; you will treat him with respect. I am not here to be queen of the ashes.
Olenna Tyrell: That's very nice to hear. Of course, I can't remember a queen who was better loved than my granddaughter. The common people loved her; the nobles loved her. And what is left of her now? Ashes. Commoners, nobles, they're all just children, really. They won't obey you unless they fear you.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Daenerys Targaryen: I realize you're here out of hatred for Cersei, and not love for me. But I swear to you, she will pay for what she's done.  And we will bring peace back to Westeros.
Olenna Tyrell: Peace. Do you think that's what we had under your father? Or his father, or his? Peace never lasts, my dear. Will you take a bit of advice from an old woman? [Daenerys nods] He's a clever man, your Hand. I've known a great many clever men. I've outlived them all. You know why? I ignored them. The Lords of Westeros are sheep. Are you a sheep? [Daenerys shakes her head.] No, you're a dragon. Be a dragon.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Jon Snow: You all crowned me your King. I never wanted it. I never asked for it. But I accepted it because the North is my home! It's part of me, and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the odds! But the odds are against us. None of you have seen the Army of the Dead. None of you.  We can never hope to defeat them alone.  We need allies. Powerful allies. I know it's a risk, but I know I have to take it.
Sansa Stark: Then send an emmissary! Don't go yourself!
Jon Snow:  Daenerys is a Queen. Only a King can convince her to help us. It has to be me.
Sansa Stark: You're abandoning your people!  You're abandoning your home.
Jon Snow: I'm leaving both in good hands.
Sansa Stark: Whose?!
Jon Snow: Yours. You're my sister, you're the only Stark in Winterfell. Until I return, the North is yours.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Tyrion Lannister: And Sansa? I hear she's alive and well.
Jon Snow: She is.
Tyrion Lannister: Does she miss me, terribly? [Jon scowls at him] A sham marriage... and unconsummated.
Jon Snow: I didn't ask.
Tyrion Lannister: Well, it was. Wasn't. Anyway, she's much smarter than she lets on.
Jon Snow: She's starting to let on.
Tyrion Lannister: Good. At some point, I want to hear how a Night's Watch recruit became King in the North.
Jon Snow: As long as you tell me how a Lannister became Hand to Daenerys Targaryen.
Tyrion Lannister: A long and bloody tale. To be honest, I was drunk for most of it.
Jon Snow: My bannermen think I'm a fool for coming here.
Tyrion Lannister:  Of course they do. If I was your Hand, I would've advised against it. General rule of thumb: Stark men don't fare well when they travel South.
Jon Snow: True... but I'm not a Stark.
[Suddenly Drogon swoops right over their heads, roaring; Jon, Davos and the Northmen drop to the ground, staring up at him]
Tyrion Lannister: [helps Jon back to his feet]  I'd say you get used to them... but, you never really do. Come. Their mother is waiting for you.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Missandei: You stand in the presence of Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, rightful heir to the Iron Throne, rightful Queen of the Andals and the First Men, protector of the Seven Kingdoms, the Mother of Dragons, the Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, the Unburnt, the Breaker of Chains.
[Jon looks to Ser Davos]
Davos Seaworth: ...This is Jon Snow. He is King in the North.
Daenerys Targaryen: Thank you for travelling so far, my lord. I hope the seas were not too rough.
Jon Snow: The winds were kind, your Grace.
Davos Seaworth: Apologies, I have a Flea Bottom accent, I know, but Jon Snow is King in the North, your Grace. He's not a lord.
Daenerys Targaryen: Forgive me...
Tyrion Lannister: Your Grace, this is Ser Davos Seaworth.
Daenerys Targaryen: Forgive me, Ser Davos, I never did receive a formal education, but I could have sworn I read the last King in the North was Torrhen Stark, who bent the knee to my ancestor, Aegon Targaryen. In exchange for his life and the lives of the Northmen, Torrhen Stark swore fealty to House Targaryen in perpetuity. Or do I have my facts wrong?
Davos Seaworth: I wasn't there, your Grace. 
Daenerys Targaryen: No, of course not, but still an oath is an oath, and perpetuity means... what does perpetuity mean, Lord Tyrion?
Tyrion Lannister: Forever.
Daenerys Targaryen: Forever. So I assume, my lord, you're here to bend the knee.
Jon Snow: I am not.
Daenerys Targaryen: Oh? Well that is unfortunate. You've traveled all this way to break faith with House Targaryen?
Jon Snow: Break faith? Your father burnt my grandfather alive. He burnt my uncle alive. He would have burned the Seven Kingdoms-
Daenerys Targaryen: My father...was an evil man. On behalf of House Targaryen, I ask your forgiveness for the crimes he committed against your family, and I ask you not to judge a daughter by the sins of her father. Our two Houses were allies for centuries, and those were the best centuries the Seven Kingdoms have ever known. Centuries of peace and prosperity, with a Targaryen sitting on the Iron Throne and a Stark serving as Warden of the North. I am the last Targaryen, Jon Snow. Honor the pledge your ancestor made to mine. Bend the knee and I will name you Warden of the North. Together, we will save this country from those who would destroy it.
Jon Snow: You're right. You're not guilty of your father's crimes, and I am not beholden to my ancestor's vows.
Daenerys Targaryen: Then why are you here?
Jon Snow: Because I need your help, and you need mine.
Daenerys Targaryen: Did you see three dragons flying overhead when you arrived?
Jon Snow: I did.
Daenerys Targaryen: And did you see the Dothraki, all of whom have sworn to kill for me?
Jon Snow: They're hard to miss.
Daenerys Targaryen: But still, I need your help?
Davos Seaworth: Not to defeat Cersei. You could storm King's Landing tomorrow and the city would fall. Hell, we almost took it and we didn't even have dragons!
Tyrion Lannister: Almost.
Jon Snow: But you haven't stormed King's Landing. Why not? The only reason I can see is you don't want to kill thousands of innocent people. It's the fastest way to win the war, but you won't do it...which means, at the very least, you're better than Cersei.
Daenerys Targaryen: Still, that doesn't explain why I need your help.
Jon Snow: Because right now, you and I and Cersei and everyone else, we're children playing at a game, screaming that the rules aren't fair. 
Daenerys Targaryen: [to Tyrion] You told me you liked this man.
Tyrion Lannister: I do.
Daenerys Targaryen: In the time since he's met me, he's refused to call me Queen, he's refused to bow and now he's calling me a child!
Tyrion Lannister: I believe he's calling all of us children. Figure of speech.
Jon Snow: Your Grace, everyone you know will die before winter is over if we don't defeat the enemy to the north!
Daenerys Targaryen: As far as I can see, you are the enemy to the north!
Jon Snow: I am not your enemy! The dead are the enemy.
Daenerys Targaryen: The dead? Is that another figure of speech?
Jon Snow: The army of the dead is on the march.
Tyrion Lannister: The army of the dead?
Jon Snow: You don't know me well, my lord, but do you think I'm a liar, or a madman?
Tyrion Lannister: No, I don't think you're either of those things.
Jon Snow: The army of the dead is real. The White Walkers are real. The Night King is real. I've seen them. If they get past the Wall and we're squabbling amongst ourselves, we're finished.
Danerys Targaryen: I was born at Dragonstone, not that I can remember it. We fled before Robert's assassins could find us. Robert was your father's best friend, no? I wonder if your father knew his best friend sent assassins to murder a baby girl in her crib? Not that it matters now, of course. I spent my life in foreign lands. So many men have tried to kill me, I don't remember all their names. I have been sold like a brood mare. I've been chained and betrayed, raped and defiled. Do you know what kept me standing all those years in exile? Faith. Not in any gods, not in myths and legends.  In myself. In Daenerys Targaryen! The world hadn't seen a dragon in centuries until my children were born. The Dothraki hadn't crossed the sea, any sea; they did for me. I was born to rule the Seven Kingdoms... and I will.
Jon Snow: You'll be ruling over a graveyard if we don't defeat the Night King.
Tyrion Lannister: The war against my sister has already begun. You can't expect us to halt hostilities and join you in fighting...whatever you saw beyond the Wall.
Davos Seaworth: You don't believe him. I understand that. It sounds like nonsense. But if destiny has brought Daenerys Targaryen back to our shores, it has also made Jon Snow King in the North. You were the first to bring Dothraki to Westeros? He is the first to make allies with the wildlings and Northmen. He was named Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. He was named King in the North. Not because of his birthright. He has no birthright. He's a damn bastard. All those hard sons of bitches chose him as their leader...because they believe in him. All those things you don't believe in, he faced those things. He fought those things for the good of his people. He risked his life for his people. He took a knife in the heart for his people. He gave his own--
[Jon turns to Davos to stop his speech there]
Davos Seaworth: If we don't put aside our enmities and band together, we will die. And then it doesn't matter whose skeleton sits on the Iron Throne.
Tyrion Lannister: If it doesn't matter, then you might as well kneel. Swear your allegiance to Queen Daenerys. Help her to defeat my sister, and together, our armies will protect the North.
Jon Snow: There's no time for that. There's no time for any of this! While we stand here, debating--
Tyrion Lannister: It takes no time to bend the knee. Pledge your sword to her cause.
Jon Snow: And why would I do that? [to Daenerys] I mean no offense, Your Grace, but I don't know you. As far as I can tell, your claim to the throne rests entirely on your father's name, and my own father fought to overthrow the Mad King. The lords of the North placed their trust in me to lead them, and I will continue to do so as well as I can.
Danerys Targaryen: That's fair. It's also fair to point out that I'm the rightful Queen of the Seven Kingdoms. By declaring yourself king of the northernmost kingdom, you are in open rebellion.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
[Cersei has a bound and gagged Ellaria and Tyene Sand captive in the dungeons of the Red Keep]
Cersei Lannister: I want you to know I understand. Even though we're enemies, you and I, I understand the fury that drives you. I was there that day when Ser Gregor crushed your lover's head. I close my eyes, I can hear the sound of Oberyn's skull breaking, the sound of your scream. I never heard a sound like that; I thought "That's true love". Oberyn looked beautiful that day, he really did. No one moved like him, no one had such skill with the spear, even Ser Gregor couldn't stop him. If only he hadn't taunted him: he could have walked away and left poor Ser Gregor to die. But that wasn't your lover's way, was it? Now he's buried somewhere, and here's Ser Gregor, stronger than ever. That must be difficult for you. When my daughter was taken from me, my only daughter...well, you can't imagine how that feels unless you've lost a child. I fed her at my own breast even though they told me to give her to the wet nurse; I couldn't bear to see her in another woman's arms. I never got to have a mother, but Myrcella did. [her voice breaks in anger] She was mine and you took her from me! Why did you do that?!
[Ellaria gives her a defiant, mocking grin in response] 
Cersei Lannister: Doesn't matter now. Your daughter's a beauty too. Those brown eyes, those lips, perfect Dornish beauty. I imagine she's your favourite. I know, I know we're not supposed to have favourites, but still, we're only human. We love whom we love. [Ellaria makes muffled pleading sounds through her gag] I'm sorry, I can't understand you. The gag makes it impossible to understand what you're saying. Must be frustrating. We all make our choices. You chose to murder my daughter; you must have felt powerful when you made that choice. Do you feel powerful now? I don't sleep very well, not at all really. I lie in bed and I stare at the canopy and imagine ways of killing my enemies. How to destroy Ellaria Sand, the woman who murdered my only daughter?! I thought about having Ser Gregor crush your skull the way he did Oberyn's. It would be poetic, I suppose, but fast, too fast. [removing Tyene's gag] I thought about having him crush your daughter's skull. She's so beautiful. [caresses Tyene's face] The thought of this lovely face cracking open like a duck egg...no it's just not right!
[Cersei kisses Tyene full on the lips. Ellaria's eyes widen with horror as it dawns on her exactly what Cersei is doing] 
Tyene Sand: Mama! 
Cersei Lannister: Qyburn here is the cleverest man I know. Clever enough to learn what poison you used to murder Myrcella. The Long Goodbye, was that it?
Qyburn: The Long Farewell. 
Cersei Lannister: That's the one. How long does the poison take?
Qyburn: Difficult to say. Hours, days, it depends on the subject's constitution.
Cersei Lannister: But death is certain?
Qyburn: Oh yes, Your Grace. Quite certain.
Cersei Lannister: [crouching down so she can look Ellaria in the eye] Your daughter will die here, in this cell and you'll be here watching when she does. You'll be here the rest of your days. If you refuse to eat, we'll force food down your throat. You will live to watch your daughter rot, to watch that beautiful face collapse to bone and dust, all the while contemplating the choices you've made. [addressing Qyburn, but without breaking eye contact with Ellaria] Make sure the guards change the torches every few hours. I don't want her to miss a thing.
 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
[Jaime Lannister confronts Olenna Tyrell in the aftermath of Highgarden's conquest]
Olenna Tyrell: It's done?
Jaime Lannister: It is.
Olenna Tyrell: "And now the rains weep o'er our halls." Did we fight well? 
Jaime Lannister: As well as could be expected.
Olenna Tyrell: It was never really our forte. Golden roses, indeed! Your brother and his new queen thought you would be defending Casterly Rock.
Jaime Lannister: The truth is Casterly Rock isn't worth much any more. Well, it is to me, but my fond childhood memories won't keep Cersei on the Iron Throne.
Olenna Tyrell: So you just let them take it? 
Jaime Lannister: For now. They won't be able to hold it. Euron Greyjoy's navy burnt their ships, we emptied the larders before we left. Eventually, they'll be forced to abandon their position and march all the way across Westeros.
Olenna Tyrell: And you took your army, your real army and went where they weren't.
Jaime Lannister: As Robb Stark did to me at Whispering Wood. There are always lessons in failure.
Olenna Tyrell: Yes. You must be very wise by now. 
Jaime Lannister: My father always said I was a slow learner.
Olenna Tyrell: If he was so clever, why didn't he take Highgarden the moment your gold mines ran dry? I suppose I'll be able to ask him myself soon enough. No more learning from my mistakes, eh? How will you do it? With that sword? That was Joffrey's, wasn't it? Not that he ever used it. What did he call it?
Jaime Lannister: Widow's Wail.
Olenna Tyrell: He really was a cunt, wasn't he? I did unspeakable things to protect my family, or watched them being done on my orders. I never lost a night's sleep over them; they were necessary and whatever I imagined necessary for the safety of House Tyrell, I did. But your sister has done things I wasn't capable of imagining. That was my prize mistake; a failure of imagination. She's a monster. You do know that?
Jaime Lannister: To you, I'm sure. To others as well. But after we've won, and there's no one left to oppose us, when people are living peacefully in the world she built, do you really think they'll wring their hands over the way she built it?
Olenna Tyrell: You love her. You really do love her. You poor fool. She'll be the end of you.
Jaime Lannister: Possibly. Not much to be gained from discussing it with you, is there?
Olenna Tyrell: What better person to discuss it with? What better guarantee do you have that the things you say will never leave this room? But perhaps you're right. If she's driven you this far, then it's gone beyond your control.
Jaime Lannister: Yes. It has.
Olenna Tyrell: She's a disease. I regret my role in spreading it. You will too.
Jaime Lannister: I think we're done here.
Olenna Tyrell: How will it happen?
Jaime Lannister: Cersei had several ideas. Whipping you through the streets and beheading you in front of the Red Keep. Flaying you alive and hanging you from the walls of King's Landing. I talked her out of those. [Jaime pours a vial of poison into a wine glass]
Olenna Tyrell: Will there be pain?
Jaime Lannister: No. I made sure of that.
Olenna Tyrell: That's good. [she drinks the poison] I'd hate to die like your son. Clawing at my neck, foam and bile spilling from my mouth, eyes blood-red, skin purple. Must have been horrible for you, as a Kingsguard, as a father. It was horrible enough for me, a shocking scene. Not at all what I intended. You see, I'd never seen the poison work before. Tell Cersei. I want her to know it was me.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
[Arya and Sansa meet at their father's tomb]
Arya Stark: Do I have to call you "Lady Stark" now?
Sansa Stark: Yes. You shouldn't have run from the guards.
Arya Stark: I didn't run. You need better guards. It suits you: Lady Stark. Jon left you in charge?
Sansa Stark: He did. I hope he comes back soon. I remember how happy he was to see me. When he sees you, his heart will probably stop.
[They gaze at the statue of Ned Stark]
Arya Stark: It doesn't look like him. Should've been carved by someone who knew his face.
Sansa Stark: Everyone who knew his face is dead.
Arya Stark: We're not. They say you killed Joffrey. Did you?
Sansa Stark: I wish I had.
Arya Stark: Me, too. I was angry when I heard someone else had done it. However long my list got, he was always first.
Sansa Stark: Your list?
Arya Stark: Of people I'm going to kill. 
[Sansa stares at her for a moment, then they both laugh]
Sansa Stark: How did you get back to Winterfell?
Arya Stark: It's a long story. I imagine yours is, too.
Sansa Stark: Yes. And not a very pleasant one.
Arya Stark: Mine, neither. But our stories aren't over yet.
Sansa Stark: No, they're not.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
[Jon and Daenerys explore a cave beneath Dragonstone. By torchlight, he shows her a series of cave paintings]
Jon Snow: The Children of the Forest made these.
Daenerys Targaryen: [awed] When?
Jon Snow: A very long time ago.
Daenerys Targaryen: They were right here, standing right where we're standing, before there were Targaryens or Starks or Lannisters. Maybe even before there were men.
Jon Snow: No. They were here together. The Children and the First Men.
Daenerys Targaryen: Doing what? Fighting each other? 
Jon Snow: [shows her a cave painting depicting humans and White Walkers] They fought together, against their common enemy, despite their differences, despite their suspicions...together. We need to do the same if we're going to survive, 'cause the enemy is real. It's always been real.
Daenerys Targaryen: And you say you can't defeat them without my armies and my dragons?
Jon Snow: No, I don't think I can.
Daenerys Targaryen: I will fight for you. I will fight for the North...when you bend the knee.
Jon Snow: My people won't accept a southern ruler, not after everything they've suffered.
Daenerys Targaryen: They will if their King does. They chose you to lead them, they chose you to protect them. Isn't their survival more important than your pride?

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
[Daenerys has learned of the fall of Highgarden and the death of Olenna Tyrell from Tyrion and Varys]
Davos Seaworth: You'll want to discuss this amongst yourselves. Perhaps...
Daenerys Targaryen: You will stay! All my allies are gone. They've been taken from me while I've been sitting here on this island.
Tyrion Lannister: You still have the largest army.
Daenerys Targaryen: Who won't be able to eat because Cersei has taken all the food from the Reach!
Tyrion Lannister: Call Grey Worm and the Unsullied back. We still have enough ships to ferry the Dothraki to the mainland. Commit to the blockade of King's Landing. We still have a plan, it's the right plan.
Daenerys Targaryen: The right plan? Your strategy has lost us Dorne, the Iron Islands and the Reach!
Tyrion Lannister: If I have underestimated our enemies...
Daenerys Targaryen: Our enemies? Your family, you mean. Perhaps you don't want to hurt them after all. [Daenerys sees her dragons flying over the sea] Enough with the clever plans. I have three large dragons. I am going to fly them to the Red Keep.
Tyrion Lannister: We've discussed this.
Daenerys Targaryen: My enemies are in the Red Keep! What kind of queen am I if I'm not willing to risk my life to fight them?
Tyrion Lannister: A smart one. 
[Daenerys turns to Jon]
Daenerys Targaryen: What do you think I should do?
Jon Snow: I would never presume to...
Daenerys Targaryen: I'm at war. I'm losing. What do you think I should do?
Jon Snow: I never thought that dragons would exist again. No one did. The people who follow you know that you made something impossible happen. Maybe that helps them believe that you can make other impossible things happen. Build a different world from the shit one they've always known. But if you use them to melt castles and burn cities, you're not different...you're just more of the same.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Davos Seaworth: What do you think of her?
Jon Snow: Who?
Davos Seaworth: I believe you know of whom I speak.
Jon Snow: I think she has a good heart.
Davos Seaworth: A good heart? [teasing] I've noticed you staring at her good heart.
Jon Snow: There's no time for that. I saw the Night King, Davos; I stared into his eyes. How many men do we have in the North to fight him? Ten thousand? Less?
Davos Seaworth: Fewer.
Jon: What?
Davos Seaworth: Speaking of good hearts, Missandei of Naath! [Missandei turns to greet them]
Missandei: Ser Davos, Lord Snow.
Davos Seaworth: King Snow, isn't it? No, that doesn't sound right; King Jon?
Jon Snow: It doesn't matter.
Missandei: Forgive me, but may I ask a question?
Jon Snow: Of course.
Missandei: Your name is Jon Snow, but your father's name was Ned Stark?
Jon Snow: I'm a bastard. My mother and father weren't married.
Davos Seaworth: Is the custom different in Naath?
Missandei: We don't have marriage in Naath, so the concept of a bastard doesn't exist.
Davos Seaworth: That sounds...liberating.
Jon Snow: Why did you leave your homeland?
Missandei: I was stolen away by slavers.
Jon Snow: I'm sorry.
Davos Seaworth: If I may, how did a slave girl come to advise Daenerys Targaryen?
Missandei: She bought me from my master and set me free.
Davos Seaworth: That was good of her. Of course, you're serving her now, aren't you?
Missandei: I serve my Queen because I want to serve my Queen, because I believe in her.
Jon Snow: So if you wanted to sail home to Naath tomorrow?
Missandei: Then she would give me a ship and wish me good fortune.
Jon Snow: And you believe that?
Missandei: I know it. All of us who came with her from Essos, we believe in her. She's not our Queen because she's the daughter of some King we never knew: she's the Queen we chose.
Davos Seaworth: [to Jon] Will you forgive me if I switch sides?

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Dickon Tarly: Ser Jaime.
Jaime Lannister: Rickon.
Dickon Tarly: Dickon. [Bronn snickers]
Jaime Lannister: I hear you fought bravely at Highgarden. Your first battle? [Dickon nods]  And?
Dickon Tarly: It was glorious.
Bronn: Come on. Your father's not here.
Dickon Tarly: All my life, we've been pledged to House Tyrell. I knew some of those men. I hunted with them.
Jaime Lannister: They didn't deserve to die. But Lady Olenna chose to betray her Queen and support the Targaryen girl, so here we are.
Dickon Tarly: I didn't expect it to smell like that.
Bronn: Men shit themselves when they die. Didn't they teach you that at fancy-lad school? Well, I learnt it when I was five. 
[Bronn stops and frowns in concentration]
Jaime Lannister: What?
Bronn: Listen. 
[They all hear the sound of approaching cavalry in the distance]
Jaime Lannister: Spears and shields! Spears and shields!
Bronn: Get in line!
Jaime Lannister: Spears and shields! Spears and shields!
Bronn: Get in line now!
Randyll Tarly: Form up! Come on, lads! Guard those wagons! Form a line!
Jaime Lannister: Fill the gaps!
[A horde of screaming Dothraki warriors rides over the hill and charges towards them]
Randyll Tarly: Spears out!
Jaime Lannister: Spears out! 
Bronn: Get back to King's Landing.
Jaime Lannister: I'm not abandoning my army!
Bronn: You're the commander, not a damn infantryman! Those fuckers are about to swamp us!
Jaime Lannister: We can hold them off!
[At that moment, they hear a roar and look up in shock as Drogon comes flying towards them with Daenerys on his back]
Daenerys Targaryen: Dracarys!

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
[Bronn drags Jaime out of the river after the Battle of the Goldroad]
Jaime Lannister:  You could've killed me.
Bronn: The fuck were you doing back there?!
Jaime Lannister: Ending the war. Killing her.
Bronn:  You saw the dragon, between you and her? And? Listen to me, cunt: till I get what I'm owed, a dragon doesn't get to kill you. You don't get to kill you! Only I get to kill you!
Jaime Lannister: That was only one of them. She has two more. If she decides to use them, to really use them...
Bronn:  You're fucked.
Jaime Lannister: Don't you mean "we're" fucked?
Bronn: No, I do not. Dragons are where our partnership ends. I'm not gonna be around when those things start spittin' fire on King's Landing!
Jaime Lannister: I have to tell Cersei.
Bronn: Might as well jump back in that river. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Daenerys Targaryen: [to Lannister and Tarly soldiers] I know what Cersei has told you: that I have come to destroy your cities, burn down your homes, murder you and orphan your children. That's Cersei Lannister, not me. I'm not here to murder, and all I want to destroy is the wheel that has rolled over everyone both rich and poor, to the benefit of no-one but the Cersei Lannisters of the world. I offer you a choice - bend the knee and join me. Together we will leave the world a better place than we found it. Or refuse...and die.
[Some kneel in submission. Drogon roars, and more men follow, leaving only a handful of others still standing.]
Daenerys Targaryen: Step forward, my lord.
[Randyll approaches Daenerys]
Daenerys Targaryen: You will not kneel?
Randyll Tarly: I already have a queen.
Tyrion Lannister: My sister. She wasn't your queen until recently though, was she? When she murdered your rightful queen and destroyed House Tyrell for all time. So it appears your allegiances are somewhat flexible.
Randyll Tarly: There are no easy choices in war. Say what you will about your sister, she was born in Westeros. She's lived here all her life. You, on the other hand...you murdered your own father, then chose to support a foreign invader, one with no ties to this land. With an army of savages at her back.
Daenerys Targaryen: You will not trade your honor for your life. I respect that.
Tyrion Lannister: Perhaps he could take the black, Your Grace. Whatever else he is, he is a true soldier; he'll be invaluable at the Wall.
Randyll Tarly: You cannot send me to the Wall. You are not my queen.
Dickon Tarly: You will have to kill me too.
Randyll Tarly: Step back and shut your mouth!
Daenerys Targaryen: Who are you?
Randyll Tarly: A stupid boy.
Dickon Tarly: I'm Dickon Tarly, son of Randyll Tarly.
Tyrion Lannister: You are the future of your house! This war has already wiped one great house from the world. Don't let it happen again, bend the knee!
Dickon Tarly: I will not.
Tyrion Lannister: Your Grace. Nothing scrubs bold notions from a man's head like a few weeks in a dark cell.
Daenerys Targaryen: I meant what I said. I'm not here to put them in chains. If that becomes an option, many will take it. I gave them a choice, they made it.
Tyrion Lannister: Your Grace, you start beheading entire families...
Daenerys Targaryen: I'm not beheading anyone.
[Tyrion follows her gaze to Drogon]
Tyrion Lannister: Your Grace!
Daenerys Targaryen: Lord Randyll Tarly. Dickon Tarly. I, Daenerys Targaryen, first of my name, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons, sentence you to die. Dracarys.
[Drogon incinerates them, leaving behind nothing but two small piles of smoldering armor and flesh.  All the remaining prisoners kneel.]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
[Tyrion and Varys talk over the battle's aftermath at Dragonstone]
Tyrion Lannister: All rulers demand people bend the knee; it's why they're rulers. She gave Tarly a choice. A man who had taken up arms against her. What else could she do?
Varys: Not burn him alive alongside his son?
Tyrion Lannister: I am her Hand, not her head. I can't make her decisions for her.
Varys: That's what I used to tell myself about her father. I found the traitors, but I wasn't the one burning them alive. I was only a purveyor of information. It's what I told myself when I watched them beg for mercy. "I'm not the one doing it". And the pitch of their screams rose higher..."I'm not the one doing it". When their hair caught fire and the smell of their burning flesh filled the throne room, "I'm not the one doing it".
Tyrion Lannister: Daenerys is not her father.
Varys: And she never will be...with the right counsel. You need to find a way to make her listen.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
[Jaime has returned to King's Landing and confronts Cersei]
Cersei Lannister: How many men did we lose?
Jaime Lannister: We haven't done a full accounting.
Cersei Lannister: It's not only armies that win wars. We have the Tyrell gold, we have the Iron Bank behind us; we can buy mercenaries. Not the same as our men, but they'll fight if they're well-paid, which they will be.
Jaime Lannister: I just saw the Dothraki fight. They'll beat any mercenary army. They'll beat any army I've ever seen. Killing our men wasn't war for them, it was sport! Her dragon burnt a thousand wagons! Qyburn's scorpion fired bolts bigger than you, they couldn't stop it and she has three of them! This isn't a war we can win.
Cersei Lannister: So what do we do? Sue for peace? I sit on her father's throne, the father you betrayed and murdered! And in her mind, she's winning! What sort of offer do you think she'd make? Maybe we can count on Tyrion to intercede on our behalf? By way of apology for murdering our father and son...
Jaime Lannister: He didn't.
Cersei Lannister: You saw the crossbow, you saw his body.
Jaime Lannister: I'm not talking about Father. Tyrion didn't kill Joffrey, he had nothing to do with it.
Cersei Lannister: After all this time, it still amazes me that you...
Jaime Lannister: It was Olenna. She confessed before she died.
Cersei Lannister: And was this before or after she drank the poison you so kindly provided for her?!
Jaime Lannister: After.
Cersei Lannister: And you believed her?
Jaime Lannister: If you were Olenna, would you rather have seen your granddaughter married to Joffrey or Tommen? Which one would Margaery have been better able to control? Which one would have made Olenna the true ruler of the Seven Kingdoms? She was telling the truth. [Cersei's smug expression twists into one of fury as she realises Jaime is right]
Cersei Lannister: I shouldn't have listened to you. She should have died screaming.
Jaime Lannister: She's dead, like her son, like her grandchildren, her whole House. And if we don't find a way out of this war, we'll follow them.
Cersei Lannister: So we fight and die or we submit and die; I know my choice. A soldier should know his.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Jon Snow: I thought Arya was dead. I thought Bran was dead.
Daenerys Targaryen: I'm happy for you. You don't look happy.
Jon Snow: Bran saw the Night King and his army marching towards Eastwatch. If they make it past the Wall...
Varys: The Wall has kept them out for thousands of years, presumably.
Jon Snow: I need to go home. 
Daenerys Targaryen: You said you don't have enough men.
Jon Snow: We'll fight with the men we have, unless you'll join us.
Daenerys Targaryen: And give the country to Cersei? As soon as I march away, she marches in.
Tyrion Lannister: Perhaps not. Cersei thinks the army of the dead is nothing but a story, made up by wet nurses to frighten children. What if we prove her wrong?
Jon Snow: I don't think she'll come see the dead at my invitation!
Tyrion Lannister: So bring the dead to her. 
Daenerys Targaryen: I thought that was what we were trying to avoid.
Tyrion Lannister: We don't have to bring the whole army; only one soldier.
Davos Seaworth: Is that possible?
Jon Snow: The first wight I ever saw was brought back into Castle Black from beyond the Wall. 
Tyrion Lannister: Bring one of these things down to King's Landing and show her the truth. 
Varys: Anything you bring back will be useless unless Cersei grants us an audience and is somehow convinced not to murder us the moment we set foot in the capital!
Tyrion Lannister: The only person she listens to is Jaime. He might listen to me.
Daenerys Targaryen: And how would you get into King's Landing? [everyone looks at Davos]
Davos Seaworth: I can smuggle you in, but if the Gold Cloaks were to recognise you, I'm warning you, I'm not a fighter.
Daenerys Targaryen: Well, it'll all be for nothing if we don't have one of these dead men. 
Varys: Fair point. How do you propose to find one?
Jorah Mormont: With the Queen's permission, I'll go north and take one. [Daenerys looks round at him] You asked me to find a cure so I could serve you. Allow me to serve you.
Jon Snow: The Free Folk'll help us. They know the real north better than anyone.
Davos Seaworth: They won't follow Ser Jorah. 
Jon Snow: They won't have to.
Davos Seaworth: You can't lead a raid beyond the Wall! You're not in the Night's Watch anymore; you're King in the North!
Jon Snow: I'm the only one here who's fought them. I'm the only one here who knows them.
Daenerys Targaryen: I haven't given you permission to leave.
Jon Snow: With respect, Your Grace, I don't need your permission: I am a King! Now I came here, knowing that you could have your men behead me or your dragons burn me alive. I put my trust in you, a stranger, because I knew it was the best chance for my peoplefor all our people. Now I'm asking you to trust in a stranger, because it's our best chance.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
<small>Note: This episode is 70 minutes long.</small>
Daenerys Targaryen: So, if all goes well, I'll finally get to meet your sister. From everything you've told me about her, she'd rather murder me than speak with me.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, first she'd torture you in some horrible way; then she'd murder you. Nobody trusts my sister less than I do, believe me. But if we go to the capital, we'll go with two armies, we'll go with three dragons, and if anyone touches you, King's Landing burns down to the foundation stones.
Daenerys Targaryen: And right now, she's thinking about how to set a trap?
Tyrion Lannister: Of course she is... and she's wondering what trap you're laying for her.
Daenerys Targaryen: Are we? Laying any traps?
Tyrion Lannister: If we want to create a new and better world... I'm not sure deceit and mass murder is the best way to start.
Daenerys Targaryen: Which war was won without deceit and mass murder?
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, you'll need to be ruthless if you're going to win the throne. You need to inspire a degree of fear, but fear is all Cersei has. It's all my father had, and Joffrey. It makes their power brittle, because everyone beneath them longs to see them dead.
Daenerys Targaryen: Aegon Targaryen got quite a long way on fear.
Tyrion Lannister: He did. But you once spoke to me about breaking the wheel. Aegon built the wheel. If that's the kind of Queen you want to be, how are you different from all the other tyrants that came before you?  
Daenerys Targaryen: So we walk into the lion's den?
Tyrion Lannister: My brother promised me he'd keep a grip on the Lannister forces.
Daenerys Targaryen: Forgive me, but I don't care about any Lannister promises... except yours.
Tyrion Lannister: And I promised him I'd keep you from doing anything impulsive.
Daenerys Targaryen: "Impulsive?"
Tyrion Lannister: This will be a difficult negotiation. We're sitting down with people who want to see us both headless. My sister's likely to say something provocative.
Daenerys Targaryen: And?
Tyrion Lannister: And you have been known to lose your temper, from time to time, as all great leaders do.
Daenerys Targaryen: When have I lost my temper?
Tyrion Lannister: Burning the Tarlys, for instance.
Daenerys Targaryen: That was not impulsive! That was necessary.
Tyrion Lannister: Perhaps.
Daenerys Targaryen: "Perhaps?"
Tyrion Lannister: Perhaps the father needed to die, and not the son. Perhaps they both needed time to contemplate their mistakes in the solitude of a cold cell. We had no time to discuss the possibilities before you ended their possibilities!
Daenerys Targaryen: One could be forgiven for thinking you're taking your family's side in this debate!
Tyrion Lannister: I am taking their side! You need to take your enemy's side, if you're going to see things the way they do! And you need to see things the way they do if you're going to anticipate their actions, respond effectively and beat them! Which I want you to do very much, because I believe in you, and in the world you want to build. But the world you want to build doesn't get built all at once, probably not in a single lifetime.  How do we make sure your vision endures? After we break the wheel, how do we make sure it stays broken?
Daenerys Targaryen: You want to know who sits on the Iron Throne after I'm dead? Is that it?
Tyrion Lannister: You say you can't have children, but there are other ways of choosing a successor. The Night's Watch has one method; the Ironborn, for all their flaws, have another.
Daenerys Targaryen: We will discuss the succession after I wear the Crown.
Tyrion Lannister: Your Grace, I saw hundreds of arrows fly towards you when you fought on the Blackwater Rush, and I saw hundreds of arrows miss. But any one of them could have found your heart and...
Daenerys Targaryen: You've been thinking about my death quite a bit, haven't you? Is this one of the "items" you discussed with your brother in King's Landing?
Tyrion Lannister: I'm trying to serve you by planning for the long term!
Daenerys Targaryen: Perhaps if you'd planned for the short term, we wouldn't have lost Dorne and Highgarden! We will discuss the succession after I wear the crown.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Jon Snow: You all right?
Gendry: [nods] Mmm.
Tormund Giantsbane: Never been North before?
Gendry: Never seen snow before.
Tormund Giantsbane: Beautiful, eh? I can breathe again. Down south, the air smells like pig shit.
Jon Snow: You've never been down south.
Tormund Giantsbane: I've been to Winterfell.
Jon Snow: That's the North. 
[Tormund scoffs]
Gendry: How d'you live up here? How d'you keep your balls from freezing off?
Tormund Giantsbane: Got to keep moving, that's the secret. Walking's good, fighting's better, fucking's best.
Jon Snow: There's not a living woman within a hundred miles of here.
Tormund Giantsbane: [smirks] We have to make do with what we've got. [Gendry walks away] This one's maybe not so smart.
Jon Snow: Davos says he's a strong fighter.
Tormund Giantsbane: Good. That's more important than being smart. Smart people don't come up here, looking for the dead. So, you met this Dragon Queen, huh? And?
Jon Snow: And she'll only fight beside us if I bend the knee.
Tormund Giantsbane: You spent too much time with the Free Folk; now, you don't like kneeling. Mance Rayder was a great man, a proud man. The King-Beyond-the-Wall, who never bent the knee. How many of his people died for his pride?

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Tormund Giantsbane: Did you trip into the fire when you were a baby?
Sandor Clegane: I didn't trip, I was pushed.
Tormund Giantsbane: And ever since, you've been mean.
Sandor Clegane: Will you fuck off?
Tormund Giantsbane: I don't think you're truly mean. You have sad eyes.
Sandor Clegane: You want to suck my dick, is that it?
Tormund Giantsbane: Dick?
Sandor Clegane: Cock.
Tormund Giantsbane: Ah, dick. I like it.
Sandor Clegane: I bet you do.
Tormund Giantsbane: Nope, it's pussy for me. I have a beauty waiting for me back in Winterfell. If I ever get back there. Yellow hair, blue eyes, the tallest woman you've ever seen. Almost as tall as you.
Sandor Clegane: Brienne of Tarth.
Tormund Giantsbane: You know her?
Sandor Clegane: You're with Brienne of fucking Tarth?
Tormund Giantsbane: Well, not with her yet. But I see the way she looks at me.
Sandor Clegane: How does she look at you? Like she wants to carve you up and eat your liver?
Tormund Giantsbane: You do know her.
Sandor Clegane: We've met.
Tormund Giantsbane: I want to make babies with her. Think of them - great big monsters. They'd conquer the world.
Sandor Clegane:  How did a mad fucker like you live this long?
Tormund Giantsbane: I'm good at killing people.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
[Sansa finds the faces of some of the Freys Arya killed]
Arya Stark: Not what you're looking for?  
Sansa Stark: I have hundreds of men here at Winterfell, all loyal to me.
Arya Stark: They're not here now.
Sansa Stark: What are these?
Arya Stark: My faces.
Sansa Stark: Where did you get them?
Arya Stark: In Braavos. While I was training to be a Faceless Man.
Sansa Stark: What does that mean?
Arya Stark: Back in Braavos, before I got my first face, there was a game I used to play. The Game of Faces. It's simple: I ask you a question about yourself, and you try to make lies sound like the truth. If you fool me, you win. If I catch a lie, you lose. Let's play.
Sansa Stark: I don't want to play.
Arya Stark: How do you feel about Jon being King? Is there someone else you think should rule the North instead of him?
Sansa Stark: Those faces, what are they?
Arya Stark: You want to do the asking? Are you sure? The Game of Faces didn't turn out so well for the last person who asked me questions.
Sansa Stark: Tell me what they are!
Arya Stark: We both wanted to be other people when we were younger. You wanted to be a Queen, to sit next to a handsome Prince on the Iron Throne. I wanted to be a knight: to pick up a sword, like Father, and go off to battle. Neither of us got to be the other person, did we? The world doesn't just let girls decide what they're going to be. But I can, now. With the Faces, I can choose... I can become someone else. Speak in their voice, live in their skin. I could even become you.
[She picks up the Valyrian-steel dagger from the table and walks towards a shocked Sansa]
Arya Stark: I wonder what it would feel like? To wear those pretty dresses. To be the Lady of Winterfell. All I'd need, to find out... is your face.
[She suddenly reverses the dagger and hands it to Sansa, then leaves]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
[Thoros of Myr has frozen to death overnight]
Beric Dondarrion: Thoros? Thoros?
[Thoros doesn't respond, and Beric sadly places a cloak over Thoros's face]
Sandor Clegane: They say it's one of the better ways to go. 
[Takes Thoros's flask and drinks]
Beric Dondarrion: Lord of Light, show us the Way. Come to us in our darkness, and lead your servant into the light.
Jon Snow:  We have to burn his body. 
[Grabs the flask from Sandor and pours the liquor over the body]
Tormund Giantsbane:  We'll all be close behind him, unless the Lord of Light is kind enough to send us a bit of fire.
[Beric ignites his sword, then burns Thoros's body]
Beric Dondarrion: Lord of Light, come to us in our darkness. For the night is dark, and full of terrors.
Jorah Mormont: [to Jon] We'll all freeze, soon. When you killed the White Walker... almost all the dead that followed it fell. Why?
Jon Snow: Maybe he was the one who turned them.
Jorah Mormont: We can go for the Walkers; maybe we'll stand a chance.
Jon Snow: No. [Indicating their captured wight] We need to take that thing back with us. There's a raven flying for Dragonstone now.  Daenerys is our only chance.
Beric Dondarrion: No. There's another. [points his sword at the Night King] Kill him. He turned them all.
Jon Snow: You don't understand.
Beric Dondarrion: The Lord brought you back, and he brought me back. No one else, just us. Did he do it to watch us freeze to death?
Sandor Clegane: Careful, Beric. You lost your priest.  This is your last life.
Beric Dondarrion: I've been waiting for the end for a long time. Maybe the Lord brought me here to find it.
Sandor Clegane: Every lord I've ever met's been a cunt. Don't see why the Lord of Light should be any different.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
[Jon faces Daenerys for the first time since the loss of her dragon Viserion.]
Jon Snow: I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I wish I could take it back. I wish we'd never gone.
Daenerys Targaryen: I don't. If we hadn't gone, I wouldn't have seen. You have to see it to know. Now I know. [tearful] The dragons are my children. They're the only children I'll ever have, do you understand? We are going to destroy the Night King and his army...and we'll do it together. You have my word.
Jon Snow: Thank you, Dany. 
Daenerys Targaryen: Dany? [chuckles] Who was the last person who called me that? I'm not sure. Was it my brother? Not the company you want to keep.
Jon Snow: Alright, not Dany. How about "My Queen"? I'd, uh, bend the knee, but-
Daenerys Targaryen: What about those who swore allegiance to you? 
Jon Snow: They'll all come to see you for what you are.
Daenerys Targaryen: I hope I deserve it.
Jon Snow: You do.
[Daenerys squeezes his hand for a few moments, then lets go]
Daenerys Targaryen: You should rest.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
<small>Note: This episode is 80 minutes in length.</small>
Tyrion Lannister: We are a group of people who do not like each other, as this demonstration has shown. We have suffered at each other's hands. We've lost people we love at each other's hands. If all we wanted was more of the same, there would be no need for this gathering. We are entirely capable of waging war with each other without meeting face to face.
Cersei Lannister: So instead we should settle our differences and live together in harmony for the rest of our days?
Tyrion Lannister: We all know that will never happen.
Cersei Lannister: Then why are we here?
Jon Snow: This isn't about living in harmony; it's just about living. The same thing is coming for all of us; a general you can't negotiate with, an army that doesn't leave corpses behind on the battlefield. Lord Tyrion tells me a million people live in this city...they're about to become a million more soldiers in the army of the dead.
Cersei Lannister: I imagine for most of them, that would be an improvement.
Jon Snow: This is serious! I wouldn't be here if it weren't.
Cersei Lannister: I don't think it's serious at all. I think it's another bad joke. If my brother Jaime has informed me correctly, you're asking for a truce?
Daenerys Targaryen: Yes. That's all.
Cersei Lannister: "That's all?" Pull back my armies and stand down while you go on your monster hunt? Or while you solidify and expand your position? Hard to know which it is with my armies pulled back until you return and march on my capital with four times the men!
Daenerys Targaryen: Your capital will be safe until the Northern threat is dealt with. You have my word.
Cersei Lannister: The word of a would-be usurper!
Tyrion Lannister: There is no conversation that will erase the last fifty years. We have something to show you.
[A wight is released from a crate and it charges forward. Sandor Clegane pulls it back before it can reach Cersei, and when it turns to attack him, he severs its legs and one of its arms. Jon sets the arm alight]
Jon Snow: We can destroy them by burning them, and we can destroy them with dragonglass. [Jon draws a dragonglass dagger and stabs the wight in the heart, killing it] If we don't win this fight, then that is the fate of every person in the world! There is only one war that matters. The Great War...and it is here!

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Euron Greyjoy: [inspecting the dead wight] Can they swim?
Jon Snow: No.
Euron Greyjoy: Good. I'm taking the Iron Fleet back to the Iron Islands.
Cersei Lannister: What are you talking about?
Euron Greyjoy: I've been around the world. I've seen everything, things you couldn't imagine, and this... this is the only thing I've ever seen that terrifies me. [steps towards Daenerys] I'm going back to my island. You should go back to yours. When winter's over, we'll be the only ones left alive. [leaves]
Cersei Lannister: He's right to be afraid. And a coward to run. If those things come for us, there will be no kingdoms to rule. Everything we suffered will have been for nothing. Everything we lost will have been for nothing. The crown accepts your truce. Until the dead are defeated, they are the true enemy.
[Jon and Davos sigh, visibly relieved]
Cersei Lannister: In return, the King in the North will extend this truce. He will remain in the North, where he belongs. He will not take up arms against the Lannisters, he will not choose sides.
Daenerys Targaryen: Just the King in the North? Not me?
Cersei Lannister: [chuckles] I would never ask it of you. You would never agree to it, and if you did, I would trust you even less than I do now. I ask it only of Ned Stark's son. I know Ned Stark's son will be true to his word.
[A moment of silence, as Jon looks between Davos and Daenerys, then back to Cersei]
Jon Snow: I am true to my word... or I try to be. That is why I cannot give you what you ask. I cannot serve two queens. And I have already pledged myself to Queen Daenerys of House Targaryen.
[Daenerys, Davos and Tyrion look dismayed]
Cersei Lannister: Then there is nothing left to discuss. [stands] The dead will come north first, enjoy dealing with them. We will deal with whatever is left of you. [leaves with Jaime, Qyburn and her Queensguard]
Brienne of Tarth: [following] Ser Jaime!
Jaime Lannister: It's been good to see you. I imagine the next time will be across a battlefield.
Brienne of Tarth: We both saw what just happened. We both saw that... thing!
Jaime Lannister: Yes, and I'm not looking forward to seeing more of them. But I'm loyal to the queen, and you're loyal to Sansa and her dolt brother.
Brienne of Tarth: [hits him on the arm] Oh, fuck loyalty!
Jaime Lannister: [incredulous] "Fuck loyalty"?
Brienne of Tarth: This goes beyond houses and honour and oaths! Talk to the queen.
[Jaime turns to Cersei, who looks unmoved and leaves]
Jaime Lannister: And tell her what? 
[He follows her out, leaving Brienne speechless]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Cersei Lannister: [about Daenerys] I shouldn't be surprised, I suppose. She's your kind of woman: a foreign whore who doesn't know her place.
Tyrion Lannister: A foreign whore you can't abduct, beat or intimidate. That must be difficult for you.
Cersei Lannister: So you bring her here, with her pet Northerner, whom you have convinced to bow down before her?
Tyrion Lannister: I didn't know about that.
Cersei Lannister: And now you've got them both working towards the same goal, the goal you've worked towards your entire life.
Tyrion Lannister: Cersei, I didn't know!
Cersei Lannister: The destruction of this family.
Tyrion Lannister: I am the one preventing that from happening. Daenerys didn't want to debate and negotiate, she didn't want to bring you words! She wanted to bring you fire and blood until I advised her otherwise! I don't want to destroy our family, I never have.
Cersei Lannister: You killed our father.
Tyrion Lannister: After he sentenced me to death for a crime I didn't commit. Yes, I killed him. Hate me for it, if you want; I hate myself for it, in spite of what he was, in spite of what he did to me.
Cersei Lannister: Oh, poor little man, your papa was mean to you. Do you have any idea what you did when you fired that crossbow? You left us open. You laid us bare for the vultures, and the vultures came and tore us apart. You may not have killed Joffrey, but you killed Myrcella, you killed Tommen! No one would have touched them if Father was here, no one would have dared!
Tyrion Lannister: I have never been more sorry about anything...
Cersei Lannister: I won't hear it, not from you. I will NOT hear it!
Tyrion Lannister: All right. You love your family, and I have destroyed it. I will always be a threat. So, put an end to me. If it weren't for me, you'd have a mother, if it weren't for me, you'd have a father. If it weren't for me, you'd have two beautiful children! I've thought about killing you more times than I can count! DO IT! Say the word.
[Ser Gregor half-draws his blade; Cersei pauses, then sighs impatiently and looks away.]
Tyrion Lannister: I am more sorry about the children than you can ever know.
Cersei Lannister: I will not...
Tyrion Lannister: I don't care! I loved them. You know I did. You know it in your heart, if there's anything left of it.
Cersei Lannister: Doesn't matter. Your love doesn't matter, your feelings don't matter. I don't care why you did what you did, I only care what it cost us. It cost us our future.
Tyrion Lannister: If there's no future, then why are we here? Why did you allow me to come?
Cersei Lannister: Not to help my enemies collaborate in my destruction.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, I know, not what you hoped for, but you must have hoped for something!
Cersei Lannister: What did you hope for? To make Jon Snow submit to your Queen?
Tyrion Lannister: Not like this.
Cersei Lannister: But, eventually, you want everyone to bend the knee to her.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes.
Cersei Lannister: Why?
Tyrion Lannister: Because I think she will make the world a better place.
Cersei Lannister: You said she'd destroy King's Landing.
Tyrion Lannister: She knows herself. She chose an adviser who would check her worst impulses, instead of feeding them. That's the difference between you.
Cersei Lannister: I don't care about checking my worst impulses. I don't care about making the world a better place. Hang the world. [rubs her belly] That thing you dragged here, I know what it is, I know what it means. And when it came at me, I didn't think about the world, not at all. As soon as it opened its mouth, the world disappeared for me, right down its black throat. All I could think about was keeping those gnashing teeth away from the ones who matter most, away from my family. Maybe Euron Greyjoy had the right idea: get on a boat, take those who matter
Tyrion Lannister: You're pregnant.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
[At the Dragonpit]
Jon Snow: No one's less happy about this than I am.
Daenerys Targaryen: I know. I respect what you did. Wish you hadn't done it, but I respect it. This place was the beginning of the end for my family. Zaldrzes buzdari iksos daor. "A dragon is not a slave". They were terrifying, extraordinary. They filled people with wonder and awe, and we locked them in here. They wasted away. They grew small. And we grew small, as well.  We weren't extraordinary without them.  We were just like everyone else.
Jon Snow: You're not like everyone else. And your family hasn't seen its end. You're still here.
Daenerys Targaryen: I can't have children.
Jon Snow: Who told you that?
Daenerys Targaryen: The witch who murdered my husband.
Jon Snow: Has it occurred to you she might not've been a reliable source of information?
Daenerys Targaryen: You were right, from the beginning. If I'd trusted you, everything would've been different.
Jon Snow: So, what now?
Daenerys Targaryen: I can't forget what I saw, North of the Wall. And I can't pretend that Cersei won't take back half the country the moment I march North.
Jon Snow: It appears that Tyrion's assessment was correct. We're fucked.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Arya Stark: Are you sure you want to do this?
Sansa Stark: It's not what I want, it's what honor demands.
Arya Stark: And what does honor demand?
Sansa Stark: That I defend my family from those who would harm us. That I defend the North from those who would betray us.
Arya Stark: All right, then. Get on with it.
Sansa Stark: [seeming to speak to Arya] You stand accused of murder, you stand accused of treason. How do you answer these charges...[glancing over at Petyr Baelish] Lord Baelish?

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
%
Petyr Baelish: Lady Sansa, I have known you since you were a girl. I have protected you...
Sansa Stark: Protected me? By selling me to the Boltons?
Petyr Baelish: If we could speak alone, I can explain everything...
Sansa Stark: [quoting Petyr] "Sometimes, when I'm trying to understand a person's motives, I play a little game. I assume the worst." What's the worst reason you have, for turning me against my sister? That's what you do, isn't it? That's what you've always done. Turn family against family, turn sister against sister. That's what you did to our mother and Aunt Lysa, and that's what you tried to do to us.
Petyr Baelish: Sansa, please.
Sansa Stark: I'm a slow learner, it's true. But I learn.
Petyr Baelish: Give me a chance to defend myself. I deserve that. [to Yohn Royce] I am Lord Protector of the Vale and I command you to escort me safely back to the Eyrie.
Yohn Royce: I think not.
Petyr Baelish: [kneels before Sansa] Sansa, I beg you! I loved your mother since I was a boy!
Sansa Stark: And yet, you betrayed her.
Petyr Baelish: I loved you.  More than anyone.
Sansa Stark: And yet, you betrayed me. When you brought me back to Winterfell, you told me "there's no justice in the world, not unless we make it." Thank you for all your many lessons, Lord Baelish. I will never forget them.
[Arya steps towards Littlefinger]
Petyr Baelish: Sansa--
[Arya slits his throat, killing him]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 7
