[Jaime and Cersei meet over Tywin's body as he lies in state inside the Great Sept of Baelor]
Cersei Lannister: He never wanted you to be a Kingsguard. But here you are. Protecting his dead body.
Jaime Lannister: What he built... it's ours. He built it for us, he meant it for us. They're going to try to take it away. All of it.
Cersei Lannister: "They?"
Jaime Lannister: All of them out there. Our enemies. They're waiting in line to make sure he's really dead. And as soon as they see the stones on his eyes, they'll set to work on tearing us apart.
Cersei Lannister: They had nothing to do with it. The man who murdered our father, he tore us apart. He's the enemy. I've been telling you for years. You've been defending him for years.
Jaime Lannister: This is exactly what they want!
Cersei Lannister: And now our father is dead. And that little monster is out there, somewhere, drawing breath! Did you set him free? [Jaime is silent.] Tyrion may be a monster, but at least he killed our father on purpose. You killed him by mistake. With stupidity. You're a man of action, aren't you? When it occurs to you to do something, you do it. Never mind the consequences. Take a look. Look at the consequences. Here they are. He loved you more than anyone in this world. 
[Cersei kisses Tywin's forehead and leaves.]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Daenerys Targaryen: Angry snakes lash out, makes chopping off their heads a lot easier. Find the men who did this, and bring them to me.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Tyrion Lannister: You never told me why you set me free.
Varys: Your brother asked me to.
Tyrion Lannister: You could've said no.
Varys: Refuse the Kingslayer? A dangerous proposition.
Tyrion Lannister: Not as dangerous as releasing me. You risked your life, your position, everything. Why? You're not family, you owe me nothing.
Varys: I didn't do it for you. I did it for the Seven Kingdoms.
Tyrion Lannister: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms.
Varys: I don't believe in saviors. I believe men of talent have a part to play in the wars to come.
Tyrion Lannister: You're going to have to find another soldier. I'm done with Westeros, and Westeros is done with me.
Varys: [rolls his eyes] You have many admirable qualities. Self-pity is not one of them. Any fool with a bit of luck can find himself born into power, but earning it for yourself? That takes work.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm not well-suited for work.
Varys: I think you are. You have your father's instincts for politics and you have compassion.
Tyrion Lannister: Compassion? Yes, I killed my lover with my bare hands, I shot my own father with a crossbow!
Varys: I never said you were perfect.
Tyrion Lannister: What is it you want, exactly?
Varys: Peace, prosperity. A land where the powerful do not prey on the powerless.
Tyrion Lannister: Where the castles are made of gingerbread and the moats are filled with blackberry wine? The powerful have always preyed on the powerless. That's how they became powerful in the first place.
Varys: Perhaps, and perhaps we've grown so accustomed to horror, we assume there's no other way. [Tyrion drinks] If you sat on the Iron Throne, would you spread misery throughout the land?
Tyrion Lannister: I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
Varys: No, you won't, but you could help another climb those steps, and take that seat. [pause] The Seven Kingdoms need someone stronger than Tommen, but gentler than Stannis. A monarch who can intimidate the high Lords, and inspire the people. A ruler loved by millions, with a powerful army and the right family name.
Tyrion Lannister: Good luck finding him.
Varys: Who said anything about him? You have a choice, my friend. You can stay here at Illyrio's palace and drink yourself to death. Or you can ride with me to Meereen, meet Daenerys Targaryen, and decide if the world is worth fighting for.
Tyrion Lannister: Can I drink myself to death on the way to Meereen?

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Margaery Tyrell: In any event, you shouldn't keep your intended waiting.
Loras Tyrell: My intended? Please. Tywin's dead. That means no one can force Cersei to marry me.
Margaery Tyrell: Lucky you.
Loras Tyrell: Unlucky you.
Margaery Tyrell: You think I want that woman married to my brother?
Loras Tyrell: If she doesn't marry me, she doesn't go to Highgarden. Which means she stays in King's Landing. Which means you're trapped here with Cersei Lannister as your mother by law.
Margaery Tyrell: Perhaps.
Loras Tyrell: Perhaps?
Margaery Tyrell: Perhaps.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Young Cersei Lannister: Tell me my future or I'll have your two boring eyes gouged out of your head.
Maggy: Your blood. Give me a taste. [Cersei cuts her finger and Maggy sucks the blood] Three questions you get. You won't like the answers.
Young Cersei Lannister: I've been promised to the prince. When will we marry?
Maggy: You will never wed the prince. You will wed the king.
Young Cersei Lannister: But I will be queen?
Maggy: Oh yes. You'll be queen. For a time. Then comes another, younger, more beautiful, to cast you down and take all you hold dear.
Young Cersei Lannister: Will the king and I have children?
Maggy: No. The king will have twenty children and you will have three.
Young Cersei Lannister: That doesn't make sense.
Maggy: Gold will be their crowns. Gold their shrouds. [laughs]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Brienne of Tarth: Lord Baelish, Lady Sansa, my name is Brienne of Tarth.
Petyr Baelish: We've met, with Renly Baratheon. What did he say about you? He said... "Your loyalty came free of charge." Someone appears to have paid quite a bit for it since then. 
Brienne of Tarth: Lady Sansa. Before your mother's death, I was her sworn sword. I gave my word I would find you and protect you. I will shield your back and give you counsel, and give my life for yours if need be. I swear it by the Old Gods and the New.
Petyr Baelish: Please, Lady Brienne, no need for such formality. You were Catelyn Stark's sworn sword?
Brienne of Tarth: I was.
Petyr Baelish: Strange. I knew Cat from the time we were children. She never mentioned you.
Brienne of Tarth: It was after Renly's murder.
Petyr Baelish: Ahh, yes. You were accused of killing him.
Brienne of Tarth: I tried to save him!
Petyr Baelish: But you were accused.
Brienne of Tarth: By men who didn't see what happened.
Petyr Baelish: And what did happen? 
Brienne of Tarth: He was murdered by a shadow. A shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon.
Petyr Baelish: A shadow? With a face? [looks at Sansa, scoffs] This woman swore to protect Renly, she failed. She swore to protect your mother; she failed. Why would I want someone with your history of failure guarding Lady Sansa?
Brienne of Tarth: [sharply] Why should you have any say in her affairs?
Petyr Baelish: Because I am her uncle. I married her aunt Lysa, shortly before my beloved's untimely death. We're family now. And you are an outsider. Forgive me, Lady Brienne, but experience has made me wary of outsiders.
Brienne of Tarth: Lady Sansa, if we can have a word alone?
Sansa Stark: No.
Brienne of Tarth: Please, my Lady, if you would let me explain.
Sansa Stark: I saw you at Joffrey's wedding, bowing to the King.
Brienne of Tarth: Neither of us wanted to be there. Sometimes we don't have a choice.
Sansa Stark: And sometimes we do. You should leave.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Cersei Lannister: Uncle Kevan! In light of your position as Commander of the Lannister armies, it would please the King if you would serve as his Master of War. No man living better deserves the title.
Kevan Lannister: That is kind of you to say. I would like to hear it from the King, himself.
Cersei Lannister: The King is very busy at this moment.
Kevan Lannister: He should be here, learning what it means to rule.
Cersei Lannister: He is learning. On this occasion, in his capacity as ruler, he's asked me to speak on his behalf.
Kevan Lannister: I return to the Capital to pay my respects to my brother, and to you, and to serve the King. I did not return to the Capitol to serve as your puppet, to watch you stack the Small Council with sycophants! Sending your own brother away so he won't...
Cersei Lannister:  My brother has left the Capitol to lead a sensitive diplomatic mission.
Kevan Lannister: What mission?
Cersei Lannister: That is not your concern as Master of War.
Kevan Lannister: I do not recognize your authority to dictate what is and is not my concern. You are the Queen Mother. Nothing more. 
Cersei Lannister: You would abandon your King in his time of need?
Kevan Lannister: If he wants to send for me, I will be waiting for him. At Casterly Rock. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Areo Hotah: The Prince does not wish to be disturbed.
Ellaria Sand: Remove yourself from my path, or I'll take that longaxe and shove it up your...
Doran Martell: Captain! Let her pass. 
Ellaria Sand: Your brother was murdered, and you sit here in the Water Gardens, staring at the sky and doing nothing!
Doran Martell: Oberyn was slain during a trial by combat. By law, that is not murder.
Ellaria Sand: Your brother...
Doran Martell: You don't have to remind me. He was my brother long before he was anything to you.
Ellaria Sand: What will you do about his death?
Doran Martell: I will bury him. I will mourn for him.
Ellaria Sand: And then?
Doran Martell: You would have me go to war?
Ellaria Sand: The whole country would have you go to war!
Doran Martell: Then we are lucky the whole country does not decide.
Ellaria Sand: The Sand Snakes are with me. They have the love of their people. They will avenge their father, while you sit here in your chair, doing nothing. Oberyn is dead, and this Lannister girl skips about the Water Gardens, eating our food, breathing our air. How many of your brothers and sisters do they have to kill? Let me have her. Let me send her to Cersei, one finger at a time.
Doran Martell: I loved my brother. And you made him very happy. For that, you will always have a place in my heart. But we do not mutilate little girls for vengeance. Not here. Not while I rule.
Ellaria Sand: And how long will that be? 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Barristan Selmy: Your Grace?  A word, please, I beg you.
Daenerys Targaryen: About what?
Barristan Selmy: About your father. About the Mad King.
Daenerys Targaryen: The "Mad King"? You're here to remind me of my enemies' lies? Consider me reminded.
Barristan Selmy: Your Grace. I served in his Kingsguard. I was at his side from the first. Your enemies did not lie. 
Daenerys Targaryen: Go on.
Barristan Selmy: When the people rose in revolt against him, your father set their towns and castles aflame. He murdered sons in front of their fathers. He burned men alive with wildfire, and laughed as they screamed. And, his efforts to stamp out dissent led to a rebellion that killed every Targaryen, except two.
Daenerys Targaryen: I'm not my father.
Barristan Selmy: No, Your Grace. Thank the Gods. But the Mad King gave his enemies the justice he thought they deserved, and each time, it made him feel powerful and right...until the very end. 
Daenerys Targaryen: I will not have the Son of the Harpy executed without a fair trial.
Barristan Selmy: Your Grace.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Arya Stark:  You said there was no Jaqen H'ghar here.
Jaqen H'ghar: There isn't. A man is not Jaqen H'ghar. 
Arya Stark: Well, then who are you, then?
Jaqen H'ghar: No one. And that is who a girl must become.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Roose Bolton:  We can't hold the North with terror alone. 
Ramsay Bolton: We can't hold the North if we let these lesser Lords insult us.
Roose Bolton: I sent you there to collect taxes, not bodies.
Ramsay Bolton: Lord Cerwyn refused to pay. Said the Warden of the North would always be a Stark, and he'd be damned if he'd kiss a traitor's boot.
Roose Bolton: He left you no choice.
Ramsay Bolton: I flayed him living, along with his wife and brother. Made his son watch. 
Roose Bolton: And?
Ramsay Bolton:  The new Lord Cerwyn paid his taxes. 
Roose Bolton: I have something to tell you. Stop eating and listen. We don't have enough men to hold the North, if the other Houses rise up against us. Do you understand that?
Ramsay Bolton:  Our pact with the Lannisters protects...
Roose Bolton:  I had a pact with Tywin Lannister, and Tywin Lannister is dead. The remaining Lannisters are a thousand miles away, dealing with that fact. They've never once, in the history of the Seven Kingdoms, sent their army this far North. If you think they will for us, you're a fool. We've become a Great House, by entering into alliance with other Houses and parlaying those alliances into greater power. The best way to forge a lasting alliance, isn't by peeling a man's skin off. The best way is marriage. Now that you're a Bolton by Royal decree, it's high time you married a suitable bride. And as it happens, I've found the perfect girl to solidify our hold on the North.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Sansa Stark: That's Moat Cailin.
Petyr Baelish: Yes. Bit shabby, isn't it? You've been here before?
Sansa Stark: On my way down to King's Landing, with my father and Arya. Where are you taking me?
Petyr Baelish: Home. 
Sansa Stark: The Boltons have Winterfell. Your marriage proposal, it wasn't for you.
Petyr Baelish: No.
Sansa Stark: Roose Bolton murdered my brother! He betrayed my family!
Petyr Baelish: He did.
Sansa Stark: He serves the Lannisters!
Petyr Baelish: For now.
Sansa Stark: I won't go.
Petyr Baelish: Winterfell is your home.
Sansa Stark: Not anymore.
Petyr Baelish: Always. You're a Stark. Dyeing your hair doesn't change that. You're Sansa Stark, eldest surviving child of Ned and Catelyn Stark. Your place is in the North.
Sansa Stark: I can't marry him. You can't make me! He's a traitor, a murderer.
Petyr Baelish: You're not marrying Roose Bolton! No, you'll be marrying his son and heir, Ramsay. One day, he'll be Warden of the North, and you'll...
Sansa Stark: No.
Petyr Baelish:  Sansa...
Sansa Stark: No, you can't make me! I will starve myself. I will die before I have to go there.
Petyr Baelish: I won't force you to do anything. Don't you know, by now, how much I care about you? Say the word, and we'll turn the horses around. But listen to me. Listen. You've been running all your life. Terrible things have happened to your family, and you weep. You sit alone in a darkened room, mourning their fates. You've been a [[bystander to tragedy, from the day they executed your father. Stop being a bystander, d'you hear me? Stop running. There's no justice in the world, not unless we make it. You loved your family. Avenge them. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Podrick Payne: How did you end up serving Renly?
Brienne of Tarth: When I was a girl, my father held a ball. I'm his only living child, so he wanted to make a good match for me. He invited dozens of young Lords to Tarth. I didn't want to go, but he dragged me to the ballroom. And it was wonderful. None of the boys noticed how mulish and tall I was. They shoved each other and threatened to duel when they thought it was their turn to dance. And whispered in my ear, how they wanted to marry me and take me back to their castles. My father smiled at me, and I smiled at him. I had never been so happy...'till I saw a few of the boys snickering. And then, they all started to laugh; they couldn't keep the game going any longer. They were toying with me. "Brienne the Beauty", they called me. Great joke. And I realized I was the ugliest girl alive. A great, lumbering beast. I tried to run away, but Renly Baratheon took me in his arms. "Don't let them see your tears," he told me, "They're nasty little shits, and nasty little shits aren't worth crying over." He danced with me, and none of the other boys could say a word. Renly was the King's brother, after all.
Podrick Payne: But, wasn't he...Lord Tyrion said he was...
Brienne of Tarth: Yes, Pod, he liked men! I'm not an idiot. He didn't love me, he didn't want me. He danced with me because he was kind, and didn't want to see me hurt. He saved me from being a joke... from that day, until his last day. And I couldn't save him, in return. Nothing's more hateful than failing to protect the one you love. One day, I will avenge King Renly.
Podrick Payne: But you said a shadow murdered him. How do you fight a shadow?
Brienne of Tarth: A shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon. I know it was Stannis. I know it in my heart. Stannis is a man, not a shadow, and a man can be killed.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Jon Snow: Ser Alliser. You have more experience than any other Ranger at Castle Black. You proved your valor many times over, while defending the Wall from the Wildling attack. I name you First Ranger. Lord Janos.  I'm giving you command of Greyguard.
Janos Slynt: Greyguard is a ruin.
Jon Snow: Yes, the fort is in a sorry state. Restore it as best you can. First builder Yarwick can spare ten men.
Janos Slynt: I was charged with the defense of King's Landing when you were soiling your swaddling-clothes. Keep your ruin. 
Samwell Tarly: All right, all right! Enough of that!
Jon Snow: You mistake me, my Lord. That was a command, not an offer. Pack your arms and armor, say your farewells, and ride for Greyguard.
Janos Slynt: I will not go meekly off to freeze and die. Give it to one of the fools who cast a stone for you! I will not have it! Do you hear me, boy? I will not have it!
Jon Snow: Are you refusing to obey my order? 
Janos Slynt: You can stick your order up your bastard arse. 
Jon Snow: Take Lord Janos outside. Olly, bring me my sword. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
[At King's Landing, Cersei seeks out the one called High Sparrow and comes across an elderly man along the way, serving food to the poor...]
Cersei Lannister: A young man said I'd find the High Sparrow back here. Where is he?
Elderly man: High Sparrow? Sounds ridiculous, doesn't it? Like Lord Duckling or King Turtle. Still, it's meant to. We're often stuck with the names our enemies give to us. The notion that we're all equal in the eyes of the Seven doesn't sit well with some, so they belittle me. [to the poor] Seven blessings to you, my dear. [to Cersei] It's only a name. Quite an easy burden to bear. Far easier than hers.
Cersei Lannister: [Noticing High Sparrow's bare feet] Why no shoes?
High Sparrow: Because I gave them away to someone who needed them more. We all do that. It stops us from forgetting what we really are.
Cersei Lannister: Is that why you came to King's Landing? To remind everyone?
High Sparrow: Everyone? Hard enough job reminding myself. Well, I tell them no one's special and they think I'm special for telling them so.
Cersei Lannister: Perhaps they're right.
High Sparrow: It would be comforting to believe that, wouldn't it? Have the gods sent you here to tempt me? I hope not. I had assumed, you'd only come here to arrest me for that incident with the High Septon.
Cersei Lannister: An unacceptable way to treat the chosen representative of the gods in this world, wouldn't you say?
High Sparrow: Hypocrisy is a boil. Lancing a boil is never pleasant. Although they could have been more careful with the blade.
Cersei Lannister: The High Septon came to speak to me today. He doesn't want me to arrest you. He wants me to execute you.
High Sparrow: I wouldn't presume to know your thoughts on the matter.
Cersei Lannister: My thoughts on the matter are in line with your own. The High Septon's behavior was corrosive, as was his attitude. Having a man like that reside in the sept eats away at the faith from the inside. So now he resides in the Red Keep dungeons instead. The faith and the crown are the two pillars that hold up this world. One collapses, so does the other. We must do everything necessary to protect one another.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Stannis Baratheon: Are you lonely?
Shireen Baratheon: Just bored.
Stannis Baratheon: My father used to tell me that boredom indicates a lack of inner resources.
Shireen Baratheon: Were you bored a lot, too?
Stannis Baratheon: I know Castle Black is no place for a child, but I...
Shireen Baratheon: I like it. I thought I'd be left at home. I know Mother didn't want to bring me.
Stannis Baratheon: Why do you say that?
Shireen Baratheon: She told me, "I don't want to bring you."
Stannis Baratheon: She shouldn't have said that. 
Shireen Baratheon: Are you ashamed of me, Father? 
Stannis Baratheon: When you were an infant, a Dornish trader landed on Dragonstone. His goods were junk except for one wooden doll. He'd even sewn a dress on it in the colors of our House. No doubt he'd heard of your birth and assumed new fathers were easy targets. I still remember how you smiled when I put that doll in your cradle. How you pressed it to your cheek. By the time we burnt the doll, it was too late. I was told you would die. Or worse, the grayscale would go slow. Let you grow just enough to know the world before taking it away from you. Everyone advised me to send you to the ruins of Valyria to live out your short life with the Stone Men, before the sickness spread to the castle. I told them all to go to hell. I called in every maester on this side of the world. Every healer, every apothecary. They stopped the disease and saved your life. Because you did not belong across the world with the bloody Stone Men. You are the Princess Shireen of House Baratheon. And you are my daughter.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Obara Sand: Will it be war?
Ellaria Sand: Prince Doran will weep for your father, but nothing else. We must avenge Oberyn ourselves.
Obara Sand: Without Doran, we have no army to march against the Lannisters.
Ellaria Sand: We don't need an army to start a war. Queen Cersei loves her children, and we have one of them.
Nymeria Sand: You may have a problem.
[Nymeria flicks her bullwhip, flipping over a bucket to reveal a gagged prisoner buried up to his neck in the sand, with scorpions crawling over him]
Obara Sand: A ship's captain who found me in Planky Town, claiming he had information to sell. He told me he smuggled Jaime Lannister into Dorne.
Ellaria Sand: He's come for Myrcella. If he gets to her before we do, we lose our only chance for revenge. You must choose: Doran's way, and peace... or my way, and war. 
Tyene Sand: I'm with you. Always. 
Ellaria Sand:  Nym? [after a pause, Nymeria nods] Obara?
Obara Sand: When I was a child, Oberyn came to take me to court. I'd never seen this man, and yet, he called himself my father. My mother wept, said I was too young... and a girl. Oberyn tossed his spear at my feet and said, "Girl or boy, we fight our battles. But the Gods let us choose our weapons." My father pointed to the spear, and then to my mother's tears. [yanks the spear out of the sand, twirls it expertly, then throws it, impaling their captive through the head] I made my choice long ago. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Melisandre: Lord Commander.
Jon Snow: How can I help you? 
Melisandre: Come with us when we ride south. None of us know the castle as well as you do. Its hidden tunnels, its weaknesses, its people. Winterfell was your home once. Don't you want to chase the rats out of it?
Jon Snow: Castle Black is my home now. The Night's Watch take no part in the wars of the Seven Kingdoms.
Melisandre: There's only one war. Life against death. Come. Let me show you what you're fighting for.
Jon Snow: You're gonna show me some visions in the fire. Forgive me my lady, I don't trust in visions.
Melisandre: No visions. No magic. Just life. [she pulls his hand under her robe] Do you feel my heart beating? There's power in you, you resist it and that's your mistake. Embrace it. The Lord of Light made us male and female. Two parts of a greater whole. You're not joining this power. Power to make life, power to make light, and power to cast shadows. 
Jon Snow: I don't think Stannis would like that very much.
Melisandre: Then we shouldn't tell him.
Jon Snow: I can't.
Melisandre: Why?
Jon Snow: I swore a vow. I loved another.
Melisandre: The dead don't need lovers. Only the living. 
Jon Snow: I know. But I still love her. 
Melisandre: [Goes to the door before she turns back to Jon] "You know nothing, Jon Snow."

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
[Sansa is standing before the tomb of her aunt Lyanna in the Stark family crypt at Winterfell.]
Petyr Baelish: I thought I might find you here. Your aunt Lyanna. 
Sansa Stark: Father never talked about her. But sometimes I'd find him down here lighting the candles. He'd say she was beautiful. 
Petyr Baelish: I saw her once. I was a boy living with your mother's family. Lord Whent had a great tourney at Harrenhall. Everyone was there. The Mad King, your father, Robert Baratheon. And Lyanna...she was already promised to Robert. You can imagine what it was like for me, a boy from nowhere with nothing to his name, watching these legendary men tilting at the lists. The last two riders were Barristan Selmy and Rhaegar Targaryen. When Rhaegar won, everyone cheered for their prince. I remember the girls laughing when he took off his helmet and saw that silver hair. How handsome he was. Until he rode right past his wife Elia Martell, and all the smiles died. I had never seen so many people so quiet. He rode past his wife and he lay a crown of winter roses in Lyanna's lap. Blue with frost. How many tens of thousands had to die because Rhaegar chose your aunt? 
Sansa Stark: Yes he chose her. And then he kidnapped her and raped her. 
Petyr Baelish: Come. Let's speak somewhere the dead can't hear us.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Bronn: Why are we on a merchant ship? Why no Lannister sails?
Jaime Lannister: This ship's sailing to Oldtown. We'll get off earlier, not far from Sunspear. Row ourselves to the Dornish shores in the night.
Bronn: You ever been to Dorne?
Jaime Lannister: No.
Bronn: I have. The Dornish are crazy. All they want to do is fight and fuck, fuck and fight.
Jaime Lannister: You should be happy to go back then.
Bronn: There's nothing like a good fight to get you in the mood for fucking. And there's nothing like a fuck-mad Dornish girl to clear your head for the next fight. It's how the two work together. And we're gonna do a lot of fighting, I am sure. Well, I am. But I don't imagine we'll get to stick around for the rest. Not after we've kidnapped their princess.
Jaime Lannister: We are not kidnapping their princess. We are rescuing my niece, bringing her back to the family. 
Bronn: Your niece?

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Maester Aemon: You will find little joy in your command. But, with luck, you’ll find the strength to do what needs to be done. Kill the boy, Jon Snow. Winter is almost upon us. Kill the boy and let the man be born.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Ramsay Bolton: [to Sansa] I heard you two had been reunited. A fitting place for it. I like to imagine the last time you spoke was in this very room. Are you still angry with him after he...what he did? Don't worry. The North remembers. I punished him for it. He's not Ironborn anymore. He's not Theon Greyjoy anymore. He's a new man. A new person anyway. Aren't you, Reek? 
Theon Greyjoy: Yes Master.
Ramsay Bolton: That's his new name. Reek.
Sansa Stark: Why are you doing this? 
Ramsay Bolton: Because Reek has something to say to you. Don't you, Reek? 
[Ramsay gestures Theon to come closer to the table, which he does.]
Ramsay Bolton: An apology? Apologize to Lady Sansa for what you did. Apologize for murdering her two brothers. 
Theon Greyjoy: I'm sorry.
Ramsay Bolton: Look at her, Reek. An apology doesn't mean anything if you're not looking the person in the eye. 
Theon Greyjoy: I'm sorry.
Ramsay Bolton: Sorry about what?
Theon Greyjoy: Killing your brothers.
Ramsay Bolton: There! Over and done with it. Doesn't everyone feel better? I do. [Sansa wipes away a tear.] That was getting very tense. [Theon walks away from the table in shame.] You know what, my lady? What with him having murdered your brothers and the rest of your family gone, Reek here is the nearest thing to living kin that you have left. Reek! You will give away the bride. Someone has to. What better person? Good? [To Roose] Good?
Roose Bolton: Yes, yes, very good. 
Ramsay Bolton: Wonderful!
Roose Bolton: Walda and I have some good news as well. Since we're all together.
Walda Bolton: [smiles] We're going to have a baby!
[Ramsay's smile quickly fades.]
Sansa Stark: Very happy for you.
Roose Bolton: From the way she's carrying, Maester Wolkan says it looks like a boy.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Ramsay Bolton: How can you be sure?
Roose Bolton: Sure of what?
Ramsay Bolton: That she's pregnant. I mean...how can you tell?
Roose Bolton: Maester Wolkan has assured us beyond all doubt.
Ramsay Bolton: So...how did you manage it?
Roose Bolton: Manage what?
Ramsay Bolton: Getting her pregnant. 
Roose Bolton: I imagine you're familiar with the procedure. 
Ramsay Bolton: Of course but how did you...find it?
Roose Bolton: You disgraced yourself at dinner. Parading that creature before the Stark girl.
Ramsay Bolton: And if it's a boy?
Roose Bolton: You're worried about your position?
Ramsay Bolton: My position is quite clear. I'm your son. Until a better alternative comes along. 
Roose Bolton: You've never asked me about your mother.
Ramsay Bolton: Why would I? She had me, she died. And here we are. 
Roose Bolton: She was a peasant girl. Pretty in a common sort of way. She was a miller's wife. Apparently they had married without my knowledge or consent. So I had him hanged, and I took her beneath the tree where he was swaying. She fought me the whole time. She was lucky I didn't hang her too. A year later she came to my gates with a squalling baby in her arms. A baby she claimed was mine. I nearly had her whipped, and the child thrown in the river. But then I looked at you, and I saw then what I see now. You are my son.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Petyr Baelish: Do you think it's wise, your Grace? Arresting the heir to Highgarden?
Cersei Lannister: The Faith arrested the heir to Highgarden.
Petyr Baelish: Of course. And the Faith were armed on your orders. 
Cersei Lannister: The King's orders. Is the King to blame for Ser Loras's perversion?
Petyr Baelish: [Shakes his head.] House Tyrell won't tolerate this insult. 
Cersei Lannister: House Tyrell won't tolerate it? I'm the insulted party, Lord Baelish. Ser Loras was promised to me, instead he chose the company of boys. 
Petyr Baelish: One's choice of companion is a curious thing. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Cersei Lannister: If there's nothing else...
Petyr Baelish: There is another matter, your Grace. Something so urgent I couldn't trust the words to a raven. You once charged me with finding Arya Stark. To my shame, I failed you. But I have found Sansa Stark. Alive and well. At home again. Living at Winterfell.
Cersei Lannister: That's not possible!
Petyr Baelish: My sources are well placed. They tell me Roose Bolton plans to marry her to his son Ramsay, a bastard recently legitimized by King Tommen. 
Cersei Lannister: Roose Bolton is Warden of the North by the grace of my father.
Petyr Baelish: Indeed. His reward for stabbing his own king in the heart. 
Cersei Lannister: We were fools to trust a turncloak. 
Petyr Baelish: Marrying his son to the last of the Starks gives him more legitimacy in the North than an alliance with a hated southern house.
Cersei Lannister: I will skin him and his bastard like that wretch on their bloody sigil!
Petyr Baelish: I would counsel patience, your Grace.
Cersei Lannister: Patience!? Sansa helped murder my son, Roose Bolton is a traitor!
Petyr Baelish: Stannis Baratheon is also a traitor, marching with his army on Winterfell. Let Stannis and Roose battle. Let the enemies of the Throne slaughter each other, and when they're done, seize Winterfell from whichever thief survives. 
Cersei Lannister: Winterfell is a thousand miles away from here. The weather has already begun to turn. 
Petyr Baelish: That is why it is critical to strike soon while the victor still licks his wounds. Surely, your uncle Kevan could muster a force.
Cersei Lannister: My uncle Kevan has all the courage of a kitchen mouse.
Petyr Baelish: Ser Jaime then.
Cersei Lannister: Jaime is away on a sensitive diplomatic mission. I have no idea when he'll be back.
Petyr Baelish: Perhaps I can help. The knights of the Vale are some of the best fighters in Westeros. Trained to battle in the ice and the snow.
Cersei Lannister: Forgive me, Lord Baelish, your reputation is a moneylender and profit-keeper, not a military man. 
Petyr Baelish: You wouldn't risk a single Lannister soldier or a single coin from the royal treasury. What do you have to lose? A brothelkeeper? 
Cersei Lannister: And if you succeed?
Petyr Baelish: Name me Warden of the North?
Cersei Lannister: I'll speak to the King this evening. Have an issue of royal decree.
Petyr Baelish: I'll not rest until the lion flies over Winterfell.
Cersei Lannister: And I'll know you're a man of your word when I see Sansa Stark's head on a spike.
Petyr Baelish: As I said, I live to serve. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Areo Hotah: [To Jaime Lannister] When you were whole, it would have been a good fight. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
High Sparrow: Do you know this man?
Olyvar: Yes. Very well. He is Ser Loras Tyrell out of Highgarden. 
High Sparrow: How did you come to meet him?
Olyvar: I squired for him. He took a liking to me. He summoned me to his chamber the first day we met. 
High Sparrow: And what occurred in his chamber?
Olyvar: We engaged in intimate relations.
High Sparrow: You lay with him?
Olyvar: That night and many others.
Loras Tyrell: [hoarsely] Liar! He's a liar!
High Sparrow: Is there anyone else who can support your claim?
Olyvar: Yes. Yes, Queen Margaery. She walked in on us once, not long ago. She didn't seem surprised.
Cersei Lannister: This testimony is an insult to a Great House. Why should the Faith or anyone else take the word of a squire over the heir to Highgarden? 
Olyvar: He has a birthmark, your Grace. Quite high on his thigh. Wine-colored and roughly the shape of Dorne. 
[Loras lunges at Olyvar but two Sparrows rush in to restrain him.]
Loras Tyrell: Liar! 
[They pull him away as two more Sparrows walk over toward Margaery.]
Olenna Tyrell: What are you doing? Let us pass.
High Sparrow: The Faith is satisfied there is enough evidence to bring a formal trial for Ser Loras. And Queen Margaery. 
Olenna Tyrell: What?
High Sparrow: Bearing false witness before the Gods is as grave a sin as any, my lady. Take her.
[The Sparrows take hold of Margarey.]
Margaery Tyrell: No! Tommen! Tommen! [Tommen silently raises his hand to the Kingsguard, unwilling to attack the Sparrows.] You can't do this! I am the queen! Tommen! Tommen! I am the queen! How dare you...take your hands off me!

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Ramsay Bolton: My father said you're still a virgin. 
Sansa Stark: Yes.
Ramsay Bolton: Why? Why are you still a virgin? Afraid of dwarves?
Sansa Stark: Lord...Lord Tyrion was kind. He was gentle. He never touched me. 
Ramsay Bolton: You're not lying to me? 
Sansa Stark: No, my lord. 
Ramsay Bolton: Lying to your husband on his wedding night...that would be a bad way to start a marriage. We're man and wife now. We should be honest with each other. Don't you think? 
Sansa Stark: Yes.
[Ramsay kisses Sansa on the lips.]
Ramsay Bolton: Good. Take off your clothes. [Sansa turns toward Reek, who tries to leave.] Oh no, no, no! You stay here, Reek. You watch! [To Sansa] Do I need to ask a second time? I hate to ask you a second time. Reek, I told you to watch. You've known Sansa since she was a girl. Now watch her become a woman.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Sansa Stark: Theon wait!
Theon Greyjoy: Not Theon, milady. Reek.
Sansa Stark: Help me!
Theon Greyjoy: [About Ramsay] You're his wife now. 
Sansa Stark: Theon!
Theon Greyjoy: Do what he says! Do what he says or he'll hurt you!
Sansa Stark: He already hurts me every night! All day I'm locked in this room and every night he comes! It can't be any worse!
Theon Greyjoy: It can. It can always be worse.
Sansa Stark:  What did he do to you?
Theon Greyjoy: Please!
Sansa Stark: You betrayed my family!
Theon Greyjoy: I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Sansa Stark: You have to help me! Theon, help me!
Theon Greyjoy: He'll see us! You don't know him!
Sansa Stark: My family still has friends in the North. All I need to do is give a signal and they'll rescue me. Climb to the top of the broken tower. Light this candle and put it in the window. Promise me, Theon.
Theon Greyjoy: Reek! My name is Reek.
Sansa Stark: Your name is Theon Greyjoy. Last surviving son of Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands. Do you hear me? Theon, promise me!

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Ramsay Bolton: My beautiful wife. One day I'll be Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North. You'll be my Lady and Wardeness.
Sansa Stark: But isn't your stepmother pregnant?
Ramsay Bolton: What of it?
Sansa Stark: What happens if she has a boy?
Ramsay Bolton: Then I'll have a baby brother.
Sansa Stark: But he'll be the heir.
Ramsay Bolton: I'm Lord Bolton's eldest son.
Sansa Stark: But you're a bastard, a trueborn will always have the stronger claim.
[Ramsay turns to Sansa coldly.]
Ramsay Bolton: I've been naturalized by a royal decree from...
Sansa Stark: Tommen Baratheon? Another bastard.
[Ramsay stares at her incredulously, seething at her consistently reminding him of his precarious claim.]
Ramsay Bolton: Bastards can rise high in the world. Like your half-brother Jon Snow. Born the Bastard of Winterfell, now the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. You didn't know? Yes, he's done very well for himself. Oh! I nearly forgot why I asked you to join me. Come, my lady.
[Ramsay leads Sansa out to the courtyard where he has displayed the flayed corpse of the elderly maid who approached Sansa earlier about giving a signal in case she ever needed rescue.]
Ramsay Bolton: Your northern friend. [He pulls out the candle she gave Sansa.] Reek told me you wanted to leave. Why? Winterfell is your home, now I am your husband. Tough old bird. Everyone talks when I start peeling them. But this one? Her heart gave out before I even got to her face. [Sansa is in tears.] We do breed tough in the North. [To his men.] Bring my wife back to her chamber. It's far too cold out here for a lady. You should hold on to your candles. The nights are so long now. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Davos Seaworth: Forty horses died in the night. We'll lose more, come sunset. We're runnnin' out of food, we can't open the supply line until the snow clears.
Stannis Baratheon: What else?
Davos Seaworth: The Stormcrows rode off last night.
Stannis Baratheon: Five hundred men. Sellswords - loyal to nothing but gold. 
Davos Seaworth: We still have a hard march to Winterfell, and we have a hard march in this weather.
Stannis Baratheon: And?
Davos Seaworth: This isn't our time. We should head back to Castle Black, and when the snow clears...
Stannis Baratheon: I retreated from King's Landing, Ser Davos. If I retreat again, I become "the King who ran".
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace.
Stannis Baratheon: Winter is coming. Those aren't just the Stark words, that's a fact. If we march back to Castle Black, we winter at Castle Black and who can say how many years this winter will last?
Davos Seaworth: It's better to wait for the right time than risk everything.
Stannis Baratheon: This is the right time and I will risk everything, because if I don't, we've lost. We march to victory, or we march to defeat. But we go forward. Only forward. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Olenna Tyrell: You there. Where would I find the High Septon or High Sparrow or whatever bloody fool name he's got? 
[Olenna approaches a crouched man revealed to be the High Sparrow, washing the floor of the Sept of Baelor]
High Sparrow: It's not as good a name as "Queen of Thorns", I'll admit. 
Olenna Tyrell: You should have the decency to stand when you speak to a lady. 
High Sparrow: You should have the decency to kneel before the Gods. 
Olenna Tyrell: Don't spar with me, little fellow. [the High Sparrow rises to his feet with a groan]
High Sparrow: For me, it's the knees. You?
Olenna Tyrell: Hips.
High Sparrow: Ah. 
Olenna Tyrell: A man of the people. Is that your game? It's an old game. Dull and unconvincing. A man of the people who does Cersei's dirty work for her. 
High Sparrow: The people always do the dirty work.
Olenna Tyrell: Spare me the homilies. I can smell a fraud from a mile away. 
High Sparrow: Useful talent. 
Olenna Tyrell: I'm here for my grandson and granddaughter. 
High Sparrow: Your grandson and granddaughter swore sacred vows and lied. The Father judges us all. Sons of high lords, sons of fishermen. If you break his laws, you will be punished. 
Olenna Tyrell: Don't you walk away from me.
High Sparrow: You don't give commands here, Lady Olenna. 
Olenna Tyrell: What is it you want? Gold? I'll make you the richest septon who ever lived. What, then? 
High Sparrow: I imagine this is strange for you. Everyone you meet has a hidden motive and you pride yourself on sniffing it out. But I'm telling you a simple truth. I serve the Gods. The Gods demand justice. 
Olenna Tyrell: How do they communicate their demands? By raven or horse?
High Sparrow: By the holy text, "The Seven-Pointed Star". If you don't have one in your library, I'll give you my own.
Olenna Tyrell: I've read "The Seven-Pointed Star".
High Sparrow: Then you'll remember the passages concerning buggery and perjury. Your grandchildren will be punished in the same manner as anyone who breaks the sacred laws. 
Olenna Tyrell: Half the men, women, and children in this foul city break the sacred laws. You live among murderers, thieves, and rapists, and yet you punish Loras for shagging some perfumed ponce, and Margaery for defending her brother? 
High Sparrow: Yes. The Gods' laws must be applied to all equally. 
Olenna Tyrell: If it's equality you want, so be it. When House Tyrell stops sending our crops to the capital, everyone here will starve. And I'll make sure the hungry know who's to blame. 
High Sparrow: Have you ever sowed the field, Lady Olenna? Have you ever reaped the grain? Has anyone in House Tyrell? A lifetime of wealth and power has left you blind in one eye. You are the few, we are the many. And when the many stop fearing the few...  

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Daenerys Targaryen: Get him out of my sight.
Jorah Mormont: Khaleesi, please I just need a moment of your time. I've brought you a gift!
Tyrion Lannister: It's true!  He has. 
Daenerys Targaryen: Who are you?
Tyrion Lannister: I am the gift. It's a pleasure to meet you, Your Grace. My name is Tyrion Lannister.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
High Sparrow: The people who built this place didn't inflict their vanity on those who came after them, the way Baelor did with that great gelded monstrosity up there. Their faith was clean. Strip away the gold and the ornaments, knock down the statues and the pillars and this is what remains. Something simple, solid and true. The Tyrells' finery will be stripped away, their lies knocked down, their true hearts laid bare for all to see. And so it will be for all of us, high and low alike. What will we find when we strip away your finery? A young man came to us, not long ago, broken in body and spirit. He had so much to strip away, so much weighing him down. But, piece by piece, he unburdened himself. Let go of pride, vanity, sin. Now, his soul is so light, he will float through the Seven Heavens like a bird and he has much to say about you.
[Lancel Lannister enters. Cersei starts to exit, but the door opens and she is blocked by a tall Septa]
Cersei Lannister: Move. Let me go, immediately. You will order her to let me go! I am the Queen! I am the Queen, have you lost your mind? Let me go! Look at me! Look at my face. It's the last thing you'll see before you die.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Jorah Mormont: Your Grace, I want to say...
Daenerys Targaryen:  You will not speak. [to Tyrion] How do I know you are who you say you are?
Tyrion Lannister: If only I were otherwise.
Daenerys Targaryen: If you are Tyrion Lannister, why shouldn't I kill you to pay your family back for what it did to mine?
Tyrion Lannister: You want revenge against the Lannisters? I killed my mother, Joanna Lannister, on the day I was born. I killed my father, Tywin Lannister, with a bolt to the heart. I am the greatest Lannister killer of our time. 
Daenerys Targaryen: So, I should welcome you into my service because you murdered members of your own family?
Tyrion Lannister: Into your service? Your Grace, we have only just met. It's too soon to know if you deserve my service.
Daenerys Targaryen: If you'd rather return to the fighting pits, just say the word.
Tyrion Lannister: When I was a young man, I heard a story about a baby born during the worst storm in living memory. She had no wealth, no lands, no army, only a name and a handful of supporters, most of whom probably thought they could use that name to benefit themselves. They kept her alive, moving her from place to place, often hours ahead of the men who'd been sent to kill her. She was eventually sold off to some warlord on the edge of the world and that appeared to be that. And then a few years later, the most well-informed person I knew told me that this girl without wealth, lands, or armies had somehow acquired all three in a very short span of time, along with three dragons. He thought she was our best, last chance to build a better world. I thought you were worth meeting at the very least.
Daenerys Targaryen: And why are you worth meeting? Why should I spend my time listening to you?
Tyrion Lannister: Because you cannot build a better world on your own. You have no one at your side who understands the land you want to rule. The strengths and weaknesses of the Houses that will either join or oppose you.
Daenerys Targaryen: I will have a very large army and very large dragons.
Tyrion Lannister: Killing and politics aren't always the same thing. When I served as Hand of the King, I did quite well with the latter considering the king in question preferred torturing animals to leading his people. I could do an even better job advising a ruler worth the name. If that is indeed what you are.
Daenerys Targaryen: So you want to advise me? Very well. What would you have me do with him? I swore I'd kill him if I ever saw him again.
Tyrion Lannister: I know.
Daenerys Targaryen: Why should the people trust a queen who can't keep her promises?
Tyrion Lannister: Whomever Ser Jorah was when he started informing on you, he is no longer that man. I can't remember ever seeing a sane man as devoted to anything as he is to serving you. He claims he would kill for you and die for you and nothing I ever witnessed gives me reason to doubt him. And yet he did betray you. Did he have an opportunity to confess his betrayal? 
Daenerys Targaryen: Yes. Many opportunities.
Tyrion Lannister: And did he?
Daenerys Targaryen: No. Not until forced to do so.
Tyrion Lannister: He worships you. He is in love with you, I think. But he did not trust you with the truth. An unpleasant truth to be sure, but one of great significance to you. He did not trust that you would be wise enough to forgive him.
Daenerys Targaryen: So I should kill him?
Tyrion Lannister: A ruler who kills those devoted to her is not a ruler who inspires devotion. And you're going to need to inspire devotion, and a lot of it, if you're ever going to rule across the Narrow Sea. But you cannot have him by your side when you do.
Daenerys Targaryen: [after a long silence] Remove Ser Jorah from the city.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Sansa Stark: Why? Why Theon?
Theon Greyjoy: Not Theon. There is no Theon. Reek!
Sansa Stark: Reek! Why did you tell him, Reek?
Theon Greyjoy: I was helping you. You wanted to escape. There is no escape. Not ever. Theon Greyjoy tried to escape. The master knew. He knows everything. He hunted him. He caught him, strapped him to a cross, cut away piece after piece until there was no Theon left. 
Sansa Stark: Good! If it weren't for you, I'd still have a family. If I could do to you what Ramsay did right here, right now, I would. 
Theon Greyjoy: I deserved everything. I deserve to be Reek. I did terrible things. Turned on Robb...captured Winterfell...killed those boys.
Sansa Stark: They weren't "those boys", they were Bran and Rickon. They were your brothers. You've known them since they were born!
Theon Greyjoy: They weren't! They were only...
Sansa Stark: Only what? 
Theon Greyjoy: I can't!
Sansa Stark: Tell me! 
Theon Greyjoy: I can't! Not unless the master says...
Sansa Stark: Tell me! They weren't what? 
Theon Greyjoy: They were only...
Sansa Stark: Tell me why Bran and Rickon should be gone while you still breath the air! [Grabs Theon by the face and shakes his head.] TELL IT TO MY FACE, THEON! TELL ME THAT THEY WEREN'T YOUR BROTHERS! 
Theon Greyjoy: THEY WEREN'T BRAN AND RICKON! [Pause] I couldn't find them. It was two farm boys. I killed them and burned them so no one would know. 
[Sansa releases Theon.]
Sansa Stark: You didn't?
[Theon shakes his head.]
Sansa Stark: Do you know where they went? Bran and Rickon? 
Theon Greyjoy: I can't talk to you anymore.
Sansa Stark: Theon, you have to tell me. Do you have any idea where...
Theon Greyjoy: Not Theon! Reek!

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Daenerys Targaryen: So, have you decided yet?  Whether I'm worthy of your service?
Tyrion Lannister:  Have you decided yet whether you're going to have me killed?
Daenerys Targaryen: It's probably my safest option.
Tyrion Lannister: I can see why you would think so. It's what your father would have done. 
Daenerys Targaryen: And what would your father have done?
Tyrion Lannister: My father, who publicly sentenced me to death? I'd say his thoughts on having me killed were abundantly clear.
Daenerys Targaryen: Is that why you killed him?
Tyrion Lannister: Someday, if you decide not to execute me...I'll tell you all about why I killed my father. And on that day, should it ever come, we'll need more wine than this. 
Daenerys Targaryen: I know what my father was. What he did. I know the Mad King earned his name. 
Tyrion Lannister: So here we sit. Two terrible children of two terrible fathers.
Daenerys Targaryen: I'm terrible?
Tyrion Lannister: I've heard stories.
Daenerys Targaryen: Why did you travel to the far side of the world to meet someone terrible?
Tyrion Lannister: To see if you were the right kind of terrible.
Daenerys Targaryen: Which kind is that?
Tyrion Lannister: The kind that prevents your people from being even more so.
Daenerys Targaryen: Well, I did re-open the fighting pits. Under my rule, murder will once again become entertainment.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, that was wise. And you agreed to marry someone you loathe for the greater good. Very impressive. My own sister married someone she loathed as well. Though not by choice, and certainly not for the greater good, Gods forbid. She ended up having him killed.
Daenerys Targaryen: Perhaps it won't come to that.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Daenerys Targaryen: Jorah sent my secrets to Varys. For twenty years, the Spider oversaw the campaign to find and kill me.
Tyrion Lannister: He did what he had to do to survive; he did a lot of other things as well, things he didn't have to do. I suspect he's the main reason you weren't slaughtered in your crib.
Daenerys Targaryen: But you trust him?
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, oddly. He may be the only person in the world I trust, except my brother. 
Daenerys Targaryen: The brother who killed my father?
Tyrion: That's the one.
Daenerys Targaryen: Perhaps I will have you killed, after all.
Tyrion Lannister: Your Queenly prerogative. I'd given up on life until Varys convinced me you might be worth living for. You chop off my head? Well...my final days were interesting. 
Daenerys Targaryen: I'm not going to kill you.
Tyrion Lannister: No? Banish me?
Daenerys Targaryen: No.
Tyrion Lannister: So, if I'm not going to be murdered and I'm not going to be banished...
Daenerys Targaryen: You're going to advise me. While you can still speak in complete sentences.
Tyrion Lannister: Advise you on what?
Daenerys Targaryen: How to get what I want.
Tyrion Lannister: The Iron Throne. Perhaps you should try wanting something else.
Daenerys Targaryen: If I want jokes, I'll get myself a proper fool.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm not entirely joking. There's more to the world than Westeros, after all. How many hundreds of thousands of lives have you changed for the better, here? Perhaps this is where you belong, where you can do the most good.
Daenerys Targaryen: I fought, so that no child born into Slaver's Bay would ever know what it meant to be bought or sold. I will continue that fight here, and beyond. But, this is not my home.
Tyrion Lannister: When you get back to your "home", who supports you?
Daenerys Targaryen: The common people.
Tyrion Lannister: Let's be generous, and assume that's going to happen. Here, in Slaver's Bay, you had the support of the common people and only the common people. What was that like? Ruling, without the rich? House Targaryen is gone. Not a single person who shares your blood is alive to support you. The Starks are gone, as well; our two terrible fathers saw to that. The remaining members of House Lannister will never back you, not ever. Stannis Baratheon won't back you, either; his entire claim to the throne rests on the illegitimacy of yours. That leaves the Tyrells: not impossible, not enough.
Daenerys Targaryen: Lannister, Targaryen, Baratheon, Stark, Tyrell. They're all just spokes on a wheel. This one's on top, then that one's on top, and on and on it spins, crushing those on the ground.
Tyrion Lannister: It's a beautiful dream: stopping the wheel. You're not the first person who's ever dreamt it.
Daenerys Targaryen: I'm not going to stop the wheel. I'm going to break the wheel.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Davos Seaworth: You sent for me, Your Grace?
Stannis Baratheon: Find some healthy horses and a few knights to guard you. I'm sending you back to Castle Black. Tell the Lord Commander his King commands him to send food, supplies, fresh horses. In return, when I take the Throne, I'll make sure the Night's Watch has all the men it requires. He can guard all nineteen castles on the Wall, if he so wishes.
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, you named me your Hand.
Stannis Baratheon: Yes.
Davos Seaworth: The King's Hand should never abandon the King, especially in times of war.
Stannis Baratheon: You're not abandoning me, you're obeying a command.
Davos Seaworth: A boy with a scroll could deliver this message.
Stannis Baratheon: And if Jon Snow refuses the boy with the scroll, what does the boy say? I didn't name you hand for your expertise in military matters. Ride for Castle Black, and don't come back empty-handed. 
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, perhaps Queen Selyse and Princess Shireen could accompany me.
Stannis Baratheon: My family stays with me.
Davos Seaworth: At least let me take Shireen! The siege is no place for a little girl.
Stannis Baratheon: My family stays with me. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
[Jaime is escorted into the palace of Sunspear by Areo Hotah; Doran, Myrcella, Ellaria and Trystane are already there, drinking Dornish wine]
Jaime Lannister: Prince Doran. 
Doran Martell:  Forgive us, we started without you. Please sit.
Jaime Lannister: Princess Myrcella.
Myrcella Baratheon: Uncle.
Jaime Lannister: What a lovely dress.
Myrcella Baratheon: You don't like it?
Jaime Lannister: You must be cold.
Myrcella Baratheon: Not at all. The Dornish climate agrees with me. 
Jaime Lannister: Prince Trystane. How's your jaw?
Trystane Martell: A flea-bite. 
Ellaria Sand: What are you doing in Dorne?
Jaime Lannister: Looking after the safety of my niece, the Princess Myrcella.
Doran Martell: And rather than send a raven or speak to me directly, you decided to enter my country in secret and abduct our guest by force.
Jaime Lannister: We received a threatening message. The Princess's necklace, in the jaws of a viper. 
Myrcella Baratheon: That necklace was stolen from my room. 
Jaime Lannister: Ah, excellent. A last meal, before the beheading?
Doran Martell: Oh, I can't behead you. Many in Dorne want war but I've seen war. I've seen the bodies piled on the battlefields. I've seen the orphans starving in the cities. I don't want to lead my people into that Hell.
Ellaria Sand: No, you want to break bread with the Lannisters.
Doran Martell: And that is precisely what we're doing. Let us drink to Tommen, the First of His Name, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms! King Tommen insists on his sister's return to the Capital. 
Jaime Lannister: I'm afraid he does.
Doran Martell: I cannot disobey my King's command. She will return with you, to King's Landing and my son, Prince Trystane, will accompany you both. If the alliance between Dorne and the Iron Throne is to continue, their engagement must stand.
Jaime Lannister: I accept. 
Doran Martell: One more thing. My brother was named to the Small Council before his... death. Your father understood the importance of keeping Dorne in the fold. With Oberyn gone, Trystane will take his place on the Small Council. 
Jaime Lannister: You have my word.
Ellaria Sand: The word of a Kingslayer! [to Doran] No wonder you can't stand; you have no spine!
Doran Martell: You are mother of four of my nieces, girls I love very much. For their sake, I hope you live a long and happy life. Speak to me that way again, and you won't. [releases her, Ellaria storms off]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Ellaria Sand: [as Jaime writes a letter] You write like a seven-year-old.
Jaime Lannister: My maester kindly agreed to copy it over for me.
Ellaria Sand:  He didn't try to make you pay? [Jaime shakes his head]  Maybe he's changed. The Queen will be thrilled to know you're bringing her daughter home.
Jaime Lannister: She will.
Ellaria Sand: You love her very much, don't you?.
Jaime Lannister: Of course! She's my niece.
Ellaria Sand: I wasn't talking about her. You think I disapprove? Why? Because people disapprove of that sort of thing where you are from?  They disapproved of Oberyn and me, where you are from. Here no one blinked an eye. A hundred years ago, no one would have blinked an eye at you if you'd been named Targaryen. It's always changing, who we're supposed to love and who we're not. The only thing that stays the same is that we want who we want. I know your daughter had no part in the terrible thing that happened, to the man I loved. Perhaps, even you are innocent of that.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
[Stannis goes inside the tent to meet with his daughter]
Shireen Baratheon: Father.
Stannis Baratheon: Aren't you cold?
Shireen Baratheon: No.
Stannis Baratheon: What are you reading?
Shireen Baratheon: "The Dance of Dragons."
Stannis Baratheon: What's it about?
Shireen Baratheon: It's the story of the fight between Rhaenyra Targaryen and her half-brother Aegon for control over the Seven Kingdoms. Both of them thought they belonged on the Iron Throne. When people started declaring for one of them or the other, their fight divided the kingdoms in two. Brothers fought brothers, dragons fought dragons. By the time it was over, thousands were dead. And it was a disaster for the Targaryens as well. They never truly recovered.
Stannis Baratheon: "The Dance of Dragons"...Why is that a dance?
Shireen Baratheon: It's just what they call it.
Stannis Baratheon: Hmm, doesn't make much sense.
Shireen Baratheon: I think it's poetic.
Stannis Baratheon: If you had to choose between Rhaenyra and Aegon who would you have chosen?
Shireen Baratheon: I wouldn't have chosen either. It's all the choosing sides that made everything so horrible.
Stannis Baratheon: Sometimes a person has to choose. Sometimes the world forces his hand. If a man knows what he is and remains true to himself the choice is no choice at all. He must fulfill his destiny and become who he is meant to be. However much he may hate it.
Shireen Baratheon: It's all right, Father.
Stannis Baratheon: You don't even know what I'm talking about.
Shireen Baratheon: It doesn't matter. I want to help you. Is there any way I can help?
Stannis Baratheon: [coldly]...Yes, there is.
Shireen Baratheon: Good. I want to. I'm the Princess Shireen of House Baratheon. And I'm your daughter.
[Shireen embraces her father as he looks on]
Stannis Baratheon: ...Forgive me.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Hizdahr zo Loraq: [about the fighting pits] You don't approve?
Tyrion Lannister: There's always been more than enough death in the world for my taste. I can do without it in my leisure time.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: Fair enough. Yet it's an unpleasant question, but what great thing has ever been accomplished without killing or cruelty?
Tyrion Lannister: It's easy to confuse what is with what ought to be, especially when what is has worked out in your favor. 
Hizdahr zo Loraq: I'm not talking about myself. I'm talking about the necessary conditions for greatness. 
Daenerys Targaryen: [gesturing to a slain fighter] That is greatness? 
Hizdahr zo Loraq: That is a vital part of the great city of Meereen, which existed long before you or I and will remain standing long after we have returned to the dirt. 
Tyrion Lannister: My father would have liked you. 
Daenerys Targaryen: One day your great city will return to the dirt as well. 
Hizdahr zo Loraq: At your command?
Daenerys Targaryen: If need be. 
Hizdahr zo Loraq: And how many people will die to make this happen?
Daenerys Targaryen: If it comes to that, they will have died for a good reason.
Hizdahr zo Loraq: [indicates the fighters in the pit] Those men think they're dying for a good reason. 
Daenerys Targaryen: Someone else's reason. 
Hizdahr zo Loraq: So your reasons are true and theirs are false? They don't know their own minds but you do?
Tyrion Lannister: Well said. You're an eloquent man. Doesn't mean you're wrong. In my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
[Stannis, wounded in the Battle of Winterfell, collapses against a tree in the forests outside Winterfell. Looking up, he sees Brienne standing over him.]
Stannis Baratheon: Bolton has women fighting for him?
Brienne of Tarth: I don't fight for the Boltons. I'm Brienne of Tarth. I was Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon. I was there when he was murdered by a shadow with your face. You murdered him with blood magic?
Stannis Baratheon: I did. 
Brienne of Tarth: [Steps forth and unsheathes Oathkeeper] In the name of Renly of House Baratheon, First of His Name, rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, I, Brienne of Tarth, sentence you to die. Do you have any last words?
Stannis Baratheon: Go on, do your duty. [after a pause, Brienne raises Oathkeeper and swings]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Myranda: My lady. I've come to escort you back to your chamber.
Theon Greyjoy: Go with her, please.
Sansa Stark: I know what Ramsay is. I know what he'll do to me. If I'm going to die, let it happen while there's still some of me left.
Myranda: Die? Who said anything about dying? You can't die. Your father was Warden of the North. Ramsay needs you. Though I suppose he doesn't need all of you. Just the parts he'll use to make his heir, until you've given him a boy or two and he's finished using them. Then he's got incredible plans for those parts. So, shall we wait for him to come back or should we begin now? You're leaving it to me? Good. Let's begin.
[Theon grabs Myranda by the waist as she fires her first arrow, making her miss Sansa.]
Myranda: Reek, stop! Stop!
[He pushes her off the catwalk, killing her. Theon and Sansa stare down at her body and then turn at the sound of a horn.]
Guard: Open the gate!
Theon Greyjoy: He's coming back.
[Theon takes Sansa's hand and leads her to the nearest balcony. Together they jump into a deep snowdrift]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
[As Arya returns the face she stole from the Hall of Faces, she is confronted by Jaqen and the Waif.]
Jaqen H'ghar: A girl has taken a life. The wrong life.
The Waif: I was right about her. 
Jaqen H'ghar: You were.
The Waif: You're not ready. Not at all. 
Jaqen H'ghar: That man's life was not yours to take. A girl stole from the Many-Faced God. Now a debt is owed. [holds up a vial of poison from the Pool and removes the cork; horrified, Arya struggles as the Waif forces her closer]  Only death can pay for life. 
[Jaqen lifts the vial and drinks it himself.  The Waif releases Arya, who stares up at Jaqen in horror as he collapses to the ground.]
Arya Stark: No!  No! No, you... don't die! Don't die! 
The Waif: Why are you crying?
Arya Stark: He was my friend.
The Waif: No, he wasn't. Didn't you listen to him? [her voice changes to that of Jaqen] He was no one. [Arya spins around in shock to discover Jaqen, who had been using the Waif's face]
Arya Stark: But if you're... who's this?
Jaqen H'ghar: No one at all. Just as a girl should have been before she took a face from the Hall. The faces are for no one. You are still someone. And to someone, the faces are as good as poison. 
[Arya removes several faces from the dead man, eventually discovering her own face. Her vision starts to blur.]
Arya Stark: I can't see. What's happening? What's happening?!

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
Cersei Lannister: I have sinned. I see that now. How could I have been so blind for so long? I want to be clean again. I want absolution. The Crone came to me with her lamp raised high and by its holy light...
High Sparrow: Do you wish to make a confession?
Cersei Lannister: Once I've confessed, will I be free?
High Sparrow: Your Grace will be dealt with according to her sins. 
Cersei Lannister: The Mother have mercy then. I lay with a man outside the bonds of marriage. I confess.
High Sparrow: Name him.
Cersei Lannister: Lancel Lannister.
High Sparrow: Your cousin? And the King's squire?
Cersei Lannister: I was lonely and afraid.
High Sparrow: You had a husband.
Cersei Lannister: A husband off whoring every chance he...
High Sparrow: His sins do not pardon your own. 
Cersei Lannister: May the Gods forgive me.
High Sparrow: Other men? 
Cersei Lannister: No.
High Sparrow: No others.
Cersei Lannister: No
High Sparrow: Speaking falsehoods before the Gods is a great crime. You understand this?
Cersei Lannister: I do. 
High Sparrow: There are those that say your children were not fathered by King Robert. That they are bastards born of incest and adultery. 
Cersei Lannister: A lie. A lie from the lips of Stannis Baratheon. He wants the throne but his brother's children stand in his way, so he claims they are not his brother's. How filth! There is not one shred of truth to it. I deny it. 
High Sparrow: Good. But these are terrible charges, and the Realm must know the truth of them. If your Grace has given honest testimony, your trial will prove your innocence. 
Cersei Lannister: Trial? I have confessed. 
High Sparrow: To a single sin. Others you have denied. Your trial will separate the truths from the falsehoods. 
Cersei Lannister: I bowed to the wisdom of your High Holiness. But if I might beg for just one drop of the Mother's Mercy. I haven't seen my son...I don't know how long it's been. I need to see him please. 
High Sparrow: You have taken the first step on the path back to righteousness. In light of this, I will permit you to return to the Red Keep. 
Cersei Lannister: [Tearfully] Thank you. Thank you. 
High Sparrow: The Mother is merciful. It is her you should thank.
Cersei Lannister: I will, I will. I swear it day or night. 
High Sparrow: Good.
Cersei Lannister: Am I free to go?
High Sparrow: After your atonement.
Cersei Lannister: My atonement?

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
%
[Cersei, having made her walk of penance through King's Landing naked and covered in filth thrown at her, finally reaches the Red Keep.]
Qyburn:  Your Grace. [He hugs her shoulders as she leans against him, still sobbing; Pycelle looks disgusted.] It's good to have you back. Come, we'll take you inside. I need to have a look at those feet. [heavy footsteps are heard] May I have the honor of presenting the newest member of the Kingsguard? [The Mountain picks Cersei up and carries her into the castle with Qyburn walking them.] If it please Your Grace, he has taken a Holy vow of silence. He has sworn that he will not speak, until all His Graces' enemies are dead, and evil has been driven from the Realm.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 5
