First Lannister soldier : You lost, friend?
Oberyn Martell: Forgive me for staring...I don't see many Lannisters where I'm from.
First Lannister soldier: I don't see many Dornishmen in the capital.
Ellaria Sand: Come with me, lover.
Second Lannister soldier: Gods, look at this one!
Olyvar: Sirs, if you follow me I'll arrange for a private room-
Second Lannister soldier: Why are you wasting a woman like this on a Dornishman? Bring him a shaved goat and a bottle of olive oil! 
[Oberyn smiles and steps forward as Ellaria watches.]
Oberyn Martell: Do you know why all the world hates a Lannister? You think your gold and your lions, and your gold lions make you better than everyone. May I tell you a secret? You're not a golden lion. You're just a pink little man who's far too slow on the draw. 
[After a long beat, the second soldier makes a grab for his sword, but Oberyn instantly rams a dagger through his wrist, skewering his arm to the table, making the soldier scream in agony.] 
Oberyn: Long sword is a bad option in close quarters. When I pull my blade, your friend starts bleeding, quite a lot, I'm afraid; so many veins in the wrist. [He twists the dagger slightly, causing the soldier to scream again] He'll live if you get him help, straight away. So...decisions.
Tyrion Lannister: Prince Oberyn! Forgive the intrusion, we heard there might be... [He breaks off as Oberyn wrenches his dagger free, causing the soldier to scream again] ...trouble. 
Oberyn Martell: [to Ellaria] Apologies, my love. [they kiss] 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
[Olenna and Margaery Tyrell are examining a selection of jewelled necklaces]
Olenna Tyrell: No, no! You’re a queen, not an ox! [picking up a necklace] Your grandfather gave me a necklace just like this one. My fifty-first nameday. [she tosses it over her shoulder as if it were junk]
Margaery Tyrell: The wedding’s in a fortnight, grandmother. You can’t say no to everything.
Olenna Tyrell: Nonsense.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Oberyn Martell: It seems I visited the Lannister brothel by mistake.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, they take all kinds.
Oberyn Martell: Even Dornishmen.
Tyrion Lannister: The King is very grateful that you traveled all this way for his wedding.
Oberyn Martell: Ah, let us speak truth here; Joffrey is insulted. I am only the second son, after all.
Tyrion Lannister: Well, speaking as a fellow second son, I have grown rather used to being the family insult. [Oberyn chuckles] Why did you come to King's Landing, Prince Oberyn?
Oberyn Martell: I was invited to the royal wedding.
Tyrion Lannister: I thought we were speaking truth.
Oberyn Martell: The last time I was in the capital was many years ago. Another wedding. My sister Elia and Rhaegar Targaryen, the last dragon. My sister loved him. She bore his children. Swaddled them, rocked them, fed them at her own breast, Elia wouldn't let the wet nurse touch them. And beautiful, noble Rhaegar Targaryen...left her for another woman. That started a war and the war ended right here when your father's army took the city.
Tyrion Lannister: I wasn't actually present-
Oberyn Martell: They butchered those children. My nephew and niece. Carved them up and wrapped them in Lannister cloaks. And my sister, you know what they did to her? [Tyrion doesn't answer; Oberyn lifts his chin with a finger until their eyes are locked] I'm asking you a question.
Tyrion Lannister: I've heard rumors. 
Oberyn Martell: So have I. The one I keep hearing is that Ser Gregor Clegane, the Mountain, raped Elia and split her in half with his greatsword.
Tyrion Lannister: I wasn't there. I don't know what happened.
Oberyn Martell: If the Mountain killed my sister, your father gave the order. Tell your father I'm here. And tell him the Lannisters aren't the only ones who pay their debts.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
[Dany sees that the Meereenese have used a crucified slave girl as a road-marker]
Jorah Mormont: There's one on every mile-marker between here and Meereen.
Daenerys Targaryen: How many miles are there between here and Meereen?
Jorah Mormont: One hundred and sixty-three, Your Grace.
Barristan Selmy: I'll tell our men to ride ahead and bury them. You don't need to see this.
Daenerys Targaryen: You will do no such thing. I will see each and every one of their faces. Remove her collar, before you bury her.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Alliser Thorne: So you admit you murdered Qhorin Halfhand?
Jon Snow: I didn't murder him.
Alliser Thorne: No? You put your sword through a brother of the Night's Watch. What do you call that?
Jon Snow: He wanted me to kill him.
Janos Slynt: A bastard son of a traitor. What would you expect?
Jon Snow: The Halfhand believed our only chance to stop Mance was to get a man inside his army.
Alliser Thorne: Don't talk about the Halfhand as if you knew him. He was my brother.
Jon Snow: Then you'd know he'd do anything to defend the Wall. The free folk would have boiled him alive, but letting me kill him...
Janos Slynt: The free folk? Listen to him. He even talks like a wildling now.
Jon Snow: Aye, I talk like a wildling. I ate with the wildlings. I climbed the Wall with the wildlings. I...I laid with a wildling girl.
Janos Slynt: You admit to breaking your vows, then?
Jon Snow: I do.
Janos Slynt: The law is the law. The boy must die.
Maester Aemon: If we beheaded every ranger who lay with a girl, the Wall would be manned by headless men.
Alliser Thorne: There's a difference between sneaking off to the Mole's Town brothel and sleeping with the enemy.
Jon Snow: While we sit here, debating which rules I broke, Mance Rayder marches on the Wall with an army of a hundred thousand.
Alliser Thorne: Impossible. You can't get fifty wildlings together before they start killing each other.
Jon Snow: One hundred thousand. He's united the Thenns, the Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, there's giants fighting for him.
Janos Slynt: Giants? 
Jon Snow: Have you ever been beyond the Wall, ser?
Janos Slynt: I commanded the City Watch of King's Landing, boy.
Jon Snow: And now you're here. You must not have been very good at your job.
Janos Slynt: How dare you?!
Jon Snow: There's a band of wildlings south of the Wall already, led by Tormund Giantsbane. I killed their warg and three others. They shot me full of arrows. Their orders are to attack Castle Black from the south when Mance hits it from the north. The signal for the attack will be a bonfire. Mance said it would be the greatest fire the North has ever seen. That's the truth. All the truth. Do you intend to execute me or am I free to go?
Maester Aemon: None of us are free. We are men of the Night's Watch. But we won't be taking your head today, Jon Snow. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Polliver: Hey, I know you. You're the Hound! Pour our new friend some ale! What brings you so far north?
Sandor Clegane: I could ask the same of you. What're you doing up here?
Polliver: Just keepin' the King's peace.
Sandor Clegane: No need, war's over.
Polliver: So I've heard. Stannis defeated at the Blackwater, Robb Stark killed at the Twins, and where am I for all of it? Stuck with your brother. Meaning no offense.
Sandor Clegane: None taken.
Polliver: He's good, the Mountain is. Best at what he does. But torture, torture, torture, torture. You spend enough time puttin' a hammer to people, and you start to feel like a carpenter making chairs. Drains the fun right out of it! And what's life without a little fun? Well, I don't need to tell you that, eh?
Sandor Clegane: She's all right. I've had better.
Polliver: You know what?  You should come with us. His kind, they've always got something hidden away, gold, silver, more daughters.  Always something, if you know how to make em talk and there's plenty of 'em between here and King's Landing. You could do well for yourself.  We certainly have been!
Sandor Clegane: I'm not going to King's Landing.
Polliver: But think about it. We can do whatever we like, wherever we go! These are the King's colors. No one's standing in his way now... which means no one's standing in ours.
Sandor Clegane: Fuck the King. 
Polliver: When I heard that Joffrey's dog had turned tail and run at the Battle of the Blackwater, I didn't believe it. But, here you are.
Sandor Clegane: Here I am. Bring me one of those chickens.
Polliver: You got money to pay for it?
Sandor Clegane: You paid for it?
Polliver: No, but we're the King's men. So, you got money?
Sandor Clegane: Not a penny. I'll still take that chicken.
Polliver: Tell you what. We'll trade you. One of our little chickens for one of yours. Give us a go at your friend. Lowell there likes them a bit broken in.
Sandor Clegane: You're a talker. Listening to talkers...makes me thirsty. And hungry. Think I'll take two chickens. 
Polliver: You don't seem to understand the situation.
Sandor Clegane: I understand, that if any more words come pouring out your cunt mouth... I'm gonna have to eat every fucking chicken in this room.
Polliver: You lived your life for the King. You gonna die for some chickens?
Sandor Clegane: Someone is.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Jaime Lannister:  My brother tells me you keep your mouth shut. Unusual talent, for a sellsword.
Bronn:  He tells me you shit gold, just like your father.
Jaime Lannister: Is this place safe?
Bronn: There's this knight, er, Laygood. Got thunderbolts on his shield? [Jaime nods] Right here is where I fuck his wife. She's a screamer, that one. If they don't hear her, they won't hear us. [whistles as Jaime draws his sword] I've never seen Valyrian steel before. She's a beauty. Problem is, if you fight with an edged blade, I'll have to. And if I fight with an edged blade, I'll have no one left to pay me. [pulls two blunted swords out of his bag and drops one on the ground] 
Jaime Lannister: I haven't used a sparring sword since I was nine. [just as he grabs the practice sword, Bronn hits him on the wrist with his blade, forcing him to drop it] Bold warrior you are, attacking a man when his guard's down.
Bronn: Best time to attack a man. [attacks as Jaime picks up the sword; they spar for a moment, then Bronn shoves him against a rock wall] Mind yourself!
Jaime Lannister: If I still had my right hand...
Bronn: Plan on growin' it back?

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Ramsay Snow: Father. [shoves Theon forward, Roose gets up and inspects him more closely]
Roose Bolton: What did you do to him?
Ramsay Snow: I trained him. He was a slow learner, but he learned.
Roose Bolton: You flayed him.
Ramsay Snow: Peeled a few bits. Removed a few others.
Roose Bolton: This was Balon Greyjoy's son and heir.
Ramsay Snow: We've been flaying our enemies for a thousand years. The flayed man is on our banners.
Roose Bolton: My banners, not yours. You're not a Bolton, you're a Snow. Tywin Lannister has given me the North, but he won't lift a finger to help me take it. As long as the Ironborn hold Moat Cailin, our armies are trapped south of the Neck. Theon was a valuable hostage, not your plaything. I wanted to trade him for Moat Cailin.
Ramsay Snow: I already asked. Lord Greyjoy refused. Savages have...
Roose Bolton: You sent terms to Balon Greyjoy without my consent?
Ramsay Snow: You made me Acting Lord of the Dreadfort. I acted.
Roose Bolton: I had to smuggle myself into my own lands thanks to the Greyjoys. I needed Theon. I needed him whole.
Ramsay Snow: Theon was our enemy. But Reek? Reek will never betray us.
Roose Bolton: I place far too much trust in you. 
Ramsay Snow: Reek, how could you let me stand before my father unshaven? It's disrespectful.
Theon Greyjoy: Sorry, my lord.
Ramsay Snow: [to Locke] Give him the razor.
[Ramsay sits in a chair and Theon is handed a razor; Roose turns around to watch]
Ramsay Snow: I'm not a Bolton, father. What does it matter? Go on, Reek. A nice, close shave.
[Theon begins carefully shaving Ramsay]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Oberyn Martell: Your Grace. Lord Tywin.
Tywin Lannister: Prince Oberyn.
Oberyn Martell: I don't believe you have met Ellaria. This is the Lord Hand Tywin Lannister and Cersei Lannister the Queen Regent. I suppose it is former Queen Regent now. Lord Hand and Lady Cersei, Ellaria Sand.
Ellaria Sand: My lord. My lady.
Tywin Lannister: Charmed.
Cersei Lannister: Can't say I've ever met a Sand before. 
Ellaria Sand: We are everywhere in Dorne. I have 10,000 brothers and sisters.
Oberyn Martell: Bastards are born of passion, aren't they? We don't despise them in Dorne.
Cersei Lannister: No? How tolerant of you.
Oberyn Martell: I expect it is a relief, Lady Cersei, giving up your regal responsibilities. Wearing the crown for so many years must have left your neck a bit crooked.
Cersei Lannister: I suppose you'll never know, Prince Oberyn. It's a shame your older brother couldn't attend the wedding.
Tywin Lannister: Please give him our regards. With any luck, the gout will abate with time and he will be able to walk again.
Oberyn Martell: They call it the rich man's disease. A wonder you don't have it, Lord Tywin.
Tywin Lannister: Noblemen in my part of the country don't enjoy the same lifestyle as our counterparts in Dorne.
Oberyn Martell: People everywhere have their differences. In some places the highborn frown upon those of low birth. In other places, the rape and murder of women and children is considered...distasteful. What a fortunate thing for you, former Queen Regent, that your daughter Myrcella has been sent to live in the latter sort of place.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Joffrey Baratheon: Well fought. Well fought. Here you are. Champion's purse. Though you're not the champion yet, are you? A true champion defeats all the challengers. Surely there are others out there who still dare to challenge my reign. Uncle. How about you? I'm sure they have a spare costume.
Tyrion Lannister: One taste of combat was enough for me, Your Grace. I would like to keep what remains of my face. I think you should fight him. This was but a poor imitation of your own bravery on the field of battle. I speak as a firsthand witness. Climb down from the high table with your new Valyrian sword and show everyone how a true king wins his throne. Be careful, though. [Nods towards the champion dwarf.] This one is clearly mad with lust.  It would be a tragedy for the king to lose his virtue hours before his wedding night.
[Enraged and humiliated, Joffrey walks over to Tyrion and empties his goblet over his uncle's head.]
Tyrion Lannister: A fine vintage. Shame that it spilled.
Joffrey Baratheon: It did not spill.
Margaery Tyrell: My love, come back to me. It's time for my father's toast.
Joffrey Baratheon: Well, how does he expect me to toast without wine? [To Tyrion] Uncle, you can be my cupbearer seeing as you're too cowardly to fight.
Tyrion Lannister: Your Grace does me a fine honor.
Joffrey Baratheon: It's not meant as an honor.
[A brief pause, and Tyrion gets up to take the cup, but Joffrey drops it. As Tyrion bends to pick it up, Joffrey kicks it underneath a table.]
Joffrey Baratheon: Bring me my goblet.
[Tyrion goes underneath the table searching for the goblet. Sansa picks it up and hands it to Tyrion, who, in turn, hands it to Joffrey.]
Joffrey Baratheon: What good is an empty cup? Fill it. [Tyrion fills the cup with wine and hands it to Joffrey] Kneel. [Tyrion looks at him] Kneel before your king. [Pause] Kneel. [Pause as Tyrion glares at Joffrey; Getting angry] I said... kneel! [Tyrion keeps glaring at him]
Margaery Tyrell: Look, the pie.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Joffrey Baratheon: Uncle. Where are you going? You're my cupbearer, remember?
Tyrion Lannister: I thought I might change out of these wet clothes, Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: No, no, no.  No, you're perfect the way you are. Serve me my wine. Well, hurry up. This pie is dry. [He hands the cup to Joffrey, who gulps at it] Mm, good. Needs washing down.
Tyrion Lannister: If it please Your Grace, Lady Sansa is very tired.
Joffrey Baratheon: No. [coughs] No, you'll wait here... [coughs again] un-- [continues coughing]
Tyrion Lannister: Your Grace?
Joffrey Baratheon: [short of breath, he takes a gulp of wine to try and alleviate his coughing] It's nothing. 
Margaery Tyrell: He's choking!
Olenna Tyrell: Help the poor boy. [Joffrey staggers away from the table, choking frantically.]  Idiots, help your king.
Jaime Lannister: Move away! [He pushes his way through the crowd and runs towards Joffrey as he collapses, choking and vomiting.] Joffrey! Joffrey! 
Cersei Lannister: Help him! Someone help him! Joffrey!
[in the confusion, court fool Dontos Hollard appears behind Sansa]
Dontos Hollard: [to Sansa] Come with me now.
Cersei Lannister: Joffrey! Joffrey!
Dontos Hollard: [to Sansa] If you want to live, we have to leave.
Cersei Lannister: Don't touch him! Joffrey. Please, Joffrey. Joffrey, what is it?  Help him!
[Joffrey begins to bleed from his nose and eyes; after managing to point at Tyrion inspecting the cup, he wheezes out his last breath and finally dies.]
Cersei Lannister: My son! [sobbing]
Man: He's gone. Our king is gone!
Cersei Lannister: [turning to glare at Tyrion with rising anger] He did this. He poisoned my son, your king. Take him. Take him! TAKE HIM! TAKE HIM!

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Tywin Lannister: Your brother is dead. Do you know what that means? [Tommen hesitates in answering] I'm not trying to trick you.
Tommen Baratheon: It means I'll become king.
Tywin Lannister: Yes, you will become king. What kind of king do you think you will be?
Tommen Baratheon: ...a good king?
Tywin Lannister: I think so as well; you have the right temperament for it. But what makes a good king, hmm? What is a good king's single most important quality?
Cersei Lannister: This is hardly the place or the time.
Tommen Baratheon: Holiness?
Tywin Lannister: Baelor the Blessed was holy, and pious. He built this sept. He also named a six-year-old boy High Septon because he thought the boy could work miracles. He ended up fasting himself into an early grave because food was of this world, and this world was sinful.
Tommen Baratheon: Justice?
Tywin Lannister: A good king must be just. Orys the First was just; everyone applauded his reforms, nobles and commoners alike, but he wasn't just for long. He was murdered in his sleep after less than a year by his own brother. Was that truly just of him, to abandon his subjects to an evil that he was too gullible to recognize?
Tommen Baratheon: No. What about strength?
Tywin Lannister: Yes, strength. King Robert was strong. He won the rebellion and crushed the Targaryen dynasty... and he attended three Small Council meetings in seventeen years. He spent his time whoring and hunting and drinking, until the last two killed him. So, we have a man who starves himself to death, a man who lets his own brother murder him, and a man who thinks that winning and ruling are the same thing. What do they all lack?
Tommen Baratheon: [thinks for a moment] Wisdom.
Tywin Lannister: Yes!
Tommen Baratheon: Wisdom is what makes a good king.
Tywin Lannister: Yes. But what is wisdom, hmm? A house with great wealth and fertile lands asks you for your protection against another house with a strong navy that could one day oppose you. How do you know which choice is wise and which isn't? You've any experience of treasuries and granaries, or shipyards and soldiers?
Tommen Baratheon: No.
Tywin Lannister: No, of course not. A wise king knows what he knows and what he doesn't. You're young. A wise young king listens to his councilors and heeds their advice until he comes of age. And the wisest kings continue to listen to them long afterwards. Your brother was not a wise king. Your brother was not a good king. If he had been, perhaps he'd still be alive.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Tyrion Lannister: [in his cell] Podrick.  Apologies for the stench.
Podrick Payne: I brought you some wine, m'Lord, but they took it from me. 
Tyrion Lannister: A noble effort.
Podrick Payne: They didn't find the candles, though [starts laying items on a bench] A quill, some parchment, duck sausage, almonds, and some hard cheese.
Tyrion Lannister: You're a good lad. Any word of Shae?
Podrick Payne: I've heard nothing, my Lord.
Tyrion Lannister: I suppose that's a good thing. What are they saying about me, out there?
Podrick Payne: You're to stand trial, in a fortnight- for murdering the King.
Tyrion Lannister:  Do you believe I murdered Joffrey?
Podrick Payne: No, m'Lord. You didn't.
Tyrion Lannister: No. Gods, no. The world is a better place without him, but I had nothing to do with it. I'd like to think, if I were planning a Royal assassination, I would arrange it in such a way that I wouldn't be standing there, gawking like a fool when the King died.  Trial in a fortnight... have they announced the judges yet?
Podrick Payne: Your father.
Tyrion Lannister: Of course.
Podrick Payne:  Lord Mace Tyrell.
Tyrion Lannister:  Who will vote exactly as my father tells him to vote.
Podrick Payne:  And Prince Oberyn of Dorne.
Tyrion Lannister: Oberyn? [laughs] Leave it to my father.Never fails to take advantage of a family tragedy.
Podrick Payne:  I'm supposed to get a list of names from you, my Lord. Anyone who might testify on your behalf.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh!  I can call my own witnesses? How generous of them!  Very well. My wife, Sansa.
Podrick Payne:  My Lord, she's gone.
Tyrion Lannister: Gone?
Podrick Payne: No one's seen her, since the wedding. You don't think she...
Tyrion Lannister: No one had more cause to kill Joffrey than Sansa, but the girl's no assassin.  No, whoever killed the King wanted me to lose my head for it and with my wife's disappearance, it makes me seem that much more guilty. Podrick.
Podrick Payne: Yes, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: They'll be following you, now.
Podrick Payne: Who, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister:  I don't know! They, they! The ominous "They"! The men pulling the strings, or women. My father. Maybe Joffrey was too much work for him. Sweet Tommen will be so much easier to handle. Whenever something bad happens to me, I assume it's my sister that had a hand in it. But say what you will of Cersei, she loves her children. She is the only one I'm certain had nothing to do with this murder... which makes this unique, as King's Landing murders go.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Davos Seaworth: Westeros is not the world, Your Grace. We need to look east for ships and men. 10,000 skilled soldiers fight for the Golden Company.
Stannis Baratheon: [disgusted] The Golden Company?
Davos Seaworth: They've never broken a contract.
Stannis Baratheon: They're sellswords.
Davos Seaworth: We're willing to use blood magic to put you on the throne, but we're not willing to pay men to fight? Now the Red Woman's magic is real. Her visions and prophecies may be, too, but I've never heard of visions and prophecies winning a war. Soldiers win wars. Soldiers on the ground. It's dirty on the ground.
Stannis Baratheon: We don't have any gold.
Davos Seaworth: Not yet.
Stannis Baratheon: If I do not press my claim, my claim will be forgotten. I will not become a page in someone else's history book. I'm running out of time, Ser Davos. Which means you're running out of time.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Oberyn Martell: I'm sorry about your grandson.
Tywin Lannister: Are you?
Oberyn Martell: I don't believe that a child is responsible for the sins of his father or his grandfather. An awful way to die...
Tywin Lannister: Which way is that?
Oberyn Martell: Are you interrogating me, Lord Tywin?
Tywin Lannister: Some believe the king choked.
Oberyn Martell: Some believe the sky is blue because we live inside the eye of a blue-eyed giant. The king was poisoned.
Tywin Lannister: I hear you studied poisons at the Citadel.
Oberyn Martell: I did. This is why I know.
Tywin Lannister: Your hatred for my family is...rather well known. You arrive in the capital, an expert in poisoning; some days later, my grandson dies of poisoning.
Oberyn Martell: Rather suspicious. Why haven't you thrown me in a dungeon?
Tywin Lannister: You spoke with Tyrion in this very brothel on the day you arrived. What did you discuss?
Oberyn Martell: [amused] You think we conspired together?
Tywin Lannister: What did you discuss?
Oberyn Martell: The death of my sister.
Tywin Lannister: For which you blame me.
Oberyn Martell: She was raped and murdered by the Mountain. The Mountain follows your orders. Of course I blame you.
Tywin Lannister: I stand before you unarmed, unguarded. Should I be worried?
Oberyn Martell: You are unarmed and unguarded because you know me better than that. I'm a man of reason; if I slit your throat today, I will be drawn and quartered tomorrow.
Tywin Lannister: Men at war commit all kinds of crimes, without their superiors' knowledge.
Oberyn Martell: So you're denying involvement in Elia's murder?
Tywin Lannister: Categorically. [long pause, then Oberyn turns away]
Oberyn Martell: I would like to speak with the Mountain.
Tywin Lannister: I'm sure he would enjoy speaking with you.
Oberyn Martell: He might not enjoy it as he thinks he would.
Tywin Lannister: I could arrange for this meeting-
Oberyn Martell: But you want something in return.
Tywin Lannister: There will be a trial for my son and as custom dictates, three judges will render a verdict. I will preside, Mace Tyrell will serve as the second judge and I would like you to be the third.
Oberyn Martell: Why?
Tywin Lannister: Not long ago, the Tyrells sided with Renly Baratheon, declared themselves enemies of the throne; now they are our strongest allies-
Oberyn Martell: Well, you made the Tyrell girl a Queen. Asking me to judge at your son's trial isn't quite as tempting.
Tywin Lannister: I will also invite you to sit on the Small Council, to serve as one of the new king's principal advisors. [Oberyn sips his wine, then turns around]
Oberyn Martell: I never realized you had such respect for Dorne, Lord Tywin.
Tywin Lannister: We are not Seven Kingdoms until Dorne returns to the fold. The king is dead, the Greyjoys are in open rebellion, a wildling army marches on the Wall and in the East, a Targaryen girl has three dragons. Before long, she will turn her eyes to Westeros. Only the Dornish managed to resist Aegon Targaryen and his dragons.
Oberyn Martell: [grins] You're saying you need us? That must be hard for you to admit.
Tywin Lannister: We need each other.  You help me serve justice to the King's assassins... and I will help you serve justice to Elia's. [Offers Oberyn his hand to shake]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
[After Daario has effortless dispatched Mereen's champion, Daenerys addresses the slaves of Meereen]
Daenerys Targaryen: I am Daenerys Stormborn. Your Masters may have told you lies about me, or they may have told you nothing. It does not matter. I have nothing to say to them. I only speak to you. First, I went to Astapor. Those who were slaves in Astapor, now stand behind me, free. Next I went to Yunkai. Those who were slaves in Yunkai, now stand behind me, free. Now I have come to Meereen. I am not your enemy. Your enemy is beside you. Your enemy steals and murders your children. Your enemy has nothing for you but chains and suffering, and commands. I do not bring you commands. I bring you a choice. And I bring your enemies what they deserve.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Daenerys Targaryen: Remind me, Ser Jorah, how many children did the Great Masters nail to mileposts?
Jorah Mormont: 163, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: Yes, that was it. 
Barristan Semly: Your Grace, may I have a word? The city is yours. All these people, they're your subjects now. Sometimes it is better to answer injustice with mercy.
Daenerys Targaryen: I will answer injustice with justice.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Jaime Lannister: To tell you the truth, this isn't so bad. Four walls. A pot to piss in. I was chained to a wooden post covered in my own shit for months. 
Tyrion Lannister: Is that supposed to make me feel better?
Jaime Lannister: Maybe a bit. I'm sorry I didn't come sooner.
Tyrion Lannister: It's complicated, yes. So how is our sister?
Jaime Lannister: How do you think? Her son died in her arms.
Tyrion Lannister: Her son?
Jaime Lannister: Don't. [Pause] You know what's coming?
Tyrion Lannister: My trial for regicide. Yes, I know. I know the whole bloody country thinks I'm guilty. I know that one of my three judges has wished me dead more times than I can count. And that judge is my father. As for Cersei, well, she's probably working on a way to avoid a trial altogether by having me killed.
Jaime Lannister: Now that you mention it, she did ask.
Tyrion Lannister: So, should I turn around and close my eyes?
Jaime Lannister: Depends. Did you do it?
Tyrion Lannister: The Kingslayer brothers. You like it? I like it. You're really asking if I killed your son?
Jaime Lannister: Are you really asking if I'd kill my brother? How can I help you?
Tyrion Lannister: Well, you could set me free.
Jaime Lannister: You know I can't.
Tyrion Lannister: Then there's really nothing else to say.
Jaime Lannister: What do you want me to do? Kill the guards? Sneak you out of the city in the back of a cart? I'm the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.
Tyrion Lannister: Sorry, I'd forgotten. I'd hate for you to do something inappropriate.
Jaime Lannister: Inappropriate? You're accused of killing the king. Freeing you is treason.
Tyrion Lannister: Except I didn't do it.
Jaime Lannister: Which is why we're having a trial.
Tyrion Lannister: A trial. If the killer threw himself before the Iron Throne, confessed to his crimes, and gave irrefutable evidence of his guilt, it wouldn't matter to Cersei. She won't rest until my head's on a spike. 
Jaime Lannister: Not just yours. She's offering a knighthood to whomever finds Sansa Stark.
Tyrion Lannister: Sansa couldn't have done this.
Jaime Lannister: She had more reason than anyone in the Seven Kingdoms. Do you think it's a coincidence she disappeared the same night Joffrey died?
Tyrion Lannister: No, but... Sansa's not a killer. Not yet, anyway.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Sansa Stark: Where are you taking me?
Petyr Baelish:  I'm getting married to your aunt, Lysa. She's waiting for us at the Eyrie. You'll be safe there.
Sansa Stark: Did you kill Joffrey?
Petyr Baelish: [smiles] Did I kill Joffrey?  I've been in the Vale, for weeks.
Sansa Stark:  I know it was you.
Petyr Baelish: [gives her a mocking smile] And who helped me with this conspiracy?
Sansa Stark: Well, there was Ser Dontos...You used him to get me out of King's Landing, but you would never trust him to kill the King.
Petyr Baelish: Why not?
Sansa Stark: Because you're too smart to trust a drunk.
Petyr Baelish: Then, perhaps it was your husband.
Sansa Stark: No.
Petyr Baelish: How do you know?
Sansa Stark: I just do. 
Petyr Baelish: You're right. He wasn't involved in Joffrey's death. But you were. [Sansa stares at him] Do you remember that lovely necklace Dontos gave you? I don't suppose you noticed that a stone was missing, after the feast...
Sansa Stark: The poison. [he smiles] I don't understand! The Lannisters gave you wealth, power. Joffrey made you the Lord of Harrenhal!
Petyr Baelish: [shrugs] A man with no motive is a man no one suspects. Always keep your foes confused. If they don't know who you are, or what you want they can't know what you plan to do next.
Sansa Stark: I don't believe you. If they catch you, they'll put your head on a spike, just like my father's. You'd risk that, just to confuse them?
Petyr Baelish: So many men, they risk so little. They spend their lives avoiding danger. And then they die. I'd risk everything to get what I want.
Sansa Stark: And what do you want?
Petyr Baelish: Everything. My friendship with the Lannisters was productive... but Joffrey?  A vicious boy with a crown on his head. He's not a reliable ally. Who could trust a friend like that?
Sansa Stark: Who could trust you?
Petyr Baelish: I don't want friends like me.  My new friends are predictable, very reasonable people. As for what happened to Joffrey, well... that was something my new friends wanted, very badly.  Nothing like a thoughtful gift to make a new friendship grow strong.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Margaery Tyrell: I can't believe you're going. Leaving me with these people!
Olenna Tyrell: The time has come, my dear. There's nothing more tedious than a trial... except perhaps these gardens. If I have to take one more leisurely stroll through the gardens, I'll fling myself from the cliffs. Have you been to see Tommen yet?
Margaery Tyrell: No. Have they even agreed to the match? No one tells me anything. 
Olenna Tyrell: I wasn't originally engaged to marry your grandfather Luthor, you know. He was engaged to marry my sister, your great-aunt Viola. I was engaged to marry some Targaryen or other. Marrying a Targaryen was all the rage, back then. But the moment I saw my intended with his twitchy little ferret's face and ludicrous silver hair, I knew he wouldn't do. So, the evening before Luthor was to propose to my sister, I got lost on my way back from my embroidery lesson and happened upon his chambers. How absent-minded of me.
Margaery Tyrell: Mm-hmm.
Olenna Tyrell: The following morning, Luthor never made it down the stairs to propose to my sister, because the boy couldn't bloody walk. [Margaery laughs] And once he could, the only thing he wanted was what I'd given him the night before. I was good. I was very, very good. You are even better, but you need to act quickly. Cersei may be vicious, but she's not stupid. She'll turn the boy against you as soon as she can. And by the time you're married, it'll be too late. Luckily for you, the Queen Regent is rather distracted at the moment, mourning her dear departed boy. Accusing her brother of his murder, which he didn't commit. 
Margaery Tyrell: Well, he could have done.
Olenna Tyrell: Oh, he could have done, but he didn't.
Margaery Tyrell: You don't know, Grandmother.
Olenna Tyrell: [gives her a direct look] But I do know. [Margaery stares at her in shock] You don't think I'd let you marry that beast, do you?
Margaery Tyrell: What? I don't understand...
Olenna Tyrell: Shhhh. Don't you worry yourself about all that. You just do what needs to be done.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Brienne of Tarth: [reading from "The History of the Kingsguard"] "Ser Jaime Lannister. Knighted and named to the Kingsguard in his sixteenth year. At the Sack of King's Landing, murdered his King, Aerys the Second. Pardoned by Robert Baratheon; thereafter known as Ser Kingslayer."
Jaime Lannister: It's the duty of the Lord Commander to fill those pages. And there's still room left on mine. [he hefts a sword, balancing it awkwardly on his maimed arm, and hands it to Brienne, who examines it carefully]
Brienne of Tarth: Valyrian steel. [Jaime nods]
Jaime Lannister: It's yours.
Brienne of Tarth: I can't accept-
Jaime Lannister: It's reforged from Ned Stark's sword. We'll use it to defend Ned Stark's daughter. We swore an oath to return the Stark girls to their mother. Lady Stark's dead. Arya's probably dead, too, but there's still a chance to find Sansa, and get her somewhere safe. [pause] I've got something else for you. [pulls a curtain off a specially made suit of armor] I hope I got your measurements right.
Brienne of Tarth: I'll find her. For Lady Catelyn. And for you.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Margaery Tyrell: Your Grace?
Cersei Lannister: [they both watch her son Tommen] There he is.
Margaery Tyrell: Long may he reign.
Cersei Lannister: Long may he reign. 
Margaery Tyrell: He sits the Throne like he was born to it.
Cersei Lannister: Yes. He wasn't, though, was he?
Margaery Tyrell: No, he wasn't.
Cersei Lannister: You still mourn for Joffrey?
Margaery Tyrell: He was my husband, my King.
Cersei Lannister: He would have been your nightmare.
Margaery Tyrell: Your Grace, I-
Cersei Lannister: You knew exactly what he was. I did, too. You never love anything in the world the way you love your first child. It doesn't matter what they do. And what he did, it shocked me. Do you think I'm easily shocked?
Margaery Tyrell: No.
Cersei Lannister: The things he did shocked me. [they look towards Tommen]  He's only a boy. A good boy, a decent boy, he always has been.  Who was the last decent king, I wonder? He could be the first man to sit on that throne in fifty years to actually deserve it.
Margaery Tyrell: It would be some consolation, wouldn't it? For all the horror that put him there.
Cersei Lannister: He will need help if he's going to rule well. 
Margaery Tyrell: He has you. 
Cersei Lannister: A mother is not enough. You're still interested in being Queen, I take it?
Margaery Tyrell: After all that's happened? It sounds strange, I know, but I haven't given any thought to it. What comes next. It would be a great honor, of course. But I will have to speak to my father about it. 
Cersei Lannister: Yes, speak to your father. I'll speak to mine. 
Margaery Tyrell:  We may be faced with an alarming number of weddings soon. I won't even know what to call you. Sister, or Mother?

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Jorah Mormont: Joffrey Baratheon is dead.  Murdered at his own wedding. 
Barristan Selmy: And we've taken the Meereenese Navy, Your Grace.
Daario Naharis: The Second Sons took the Meereenese Navy.
Daenerys Targaryen: Who told you to take their Navy?
Daario Naharis: No one.
Daenerys Targaryen: So why did you do it?
Daario Naharis: I heard you like ships. 
Daenerys Targaryen: How many ships?
Barristan Selmy: Ninety-three, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: How many men can they carry?
Barristan Selmy: Ninety-three hundred, not counting sailors.  
Daenerys Targaryen: Would that be enough to take King's Landing?
Jorah Mormont: The Lannisters have more.
Barristan Selmy: They've been fighting Joffrey's mad wars for years. They're tired, dispersed, and now their King is dead. 8,000 Unsullied and 2,000 Second Sons sail into Blackwater Bay, storm the gates without warning... 
Jorah Mormount: It's hard to say. Could be enough... but we're not fighting to make you Queen of King's Landing. Ten thousand men cannot conquer Westeros.
Barristan Selmy: The old Houses will flock to our Queen when she crosses the Narrow Sea.
Jorah Mormount: The old Houses will flock to whichever side they think will win, as they always have. There's other news, from Yunkai. Without the Unsullied to enforce your rule, the Wise Masters have re-taken control of the city. They've re-enslaved what freed men have stayed behind and sworn to take revenge against you. And in Astapor, the council you installed to rule over the city has been overthrown by a butcher named Cleon, who's declared himself 'His Imperial Majesty'.
Daenerys Targaryen: Please leave me. Not you, Jorah. It appears my liberation of Slaver's Bay isn't going quite as planned.
Jorah Mormont: You could sail for Westeros and leave it all behind.  A boy sits on the Iron Throne, a boy whom many believe to be a bastard with no right to it. They have never been more vulnerable.
Daenerys Targaryen: You counseled me against rashness in Qarth. I didn't listen, but all worked out well. How can I rule seven Kingdoms if I can't control Slaver's Bay? Why should anyone trust me? Why should anyone follow me?
Jorah Mormont: You're a Targaryen. You're the Mother of Dragons.
Daenerys Targaryen: I need to be more than that. I will not let those I have freed slide back into chains. I will not sail for Westeros.
Jorah Mormont: What, then?
Daenerys Targaryen: I will do what Queens do. I will rule.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Lysa Arryn: What took you so long?
Petyr Baelish: Arranging for the ascension of King Tommen I, extricating Sansa, getting her here alive.
Lysa Arryn: She's here. We've spent more than enough time on her for one evening. Let's get married tonight.
Petyr Baelish: Ought we not inform the Lords of the Vale about the ceremony?
Lysa Arryn: There's only one Lord of the Vale. The others can all hang. Lurking and simpering on the stairs like buzzards the moment my husband died, trying to get their claws in me. 
Petyr Baelish: I do think that we could wait until...
Lysa Arryn: I'm done waiting, Petyr. We had our wedding night many years ago. Or don't you remember?
Petyr Baelish: Like it was yesterday.
Lysa Arryn: What wife would do for you the things I've done for you? What wife would trust you the way I've trusted you? When you gave me those drops and told me to pour them into Jon's wine, my husband's wine. When you told me to write a letter to Cat telling her it was the Lannisters.
[Petyr interrupts Lysa by kissing her]
Petyr Baelish: The deed is done. Faded into nothing. Only speaking of it can make it real. Tonight it is, then. Let me bathe and dress for the occasion. Once I'm presentable, I'll call on the septon immediately.
[Lysa opens the doors, revealing a septon]
Lysa Arryn: I'm warning you. I'm going to scream when my husband makes love to me. I'm going to scream so loud, they'll hear me clear across the Narrow Sea.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Arya Stark: Joffrey...Cersei...Walder Frey...Meryn Trant...Tywin Lannister...The Red Woman...Beric Dondarrion...Thoros of Myr...Illyn Payne...The Mountain...
Sandor Clegane: Would you shut up?
Arya Stark: I can't sleep until I say the names.
Sandor Clegane: The names of every fucking person in Westeros?
Arya Stark: Only the ones I'm going to kill.
Sandor Clegane: Huh. Hate's as good a thing as any to keep a man going, better than most. [pause] We come across my brother, maybe we can both cross a name off a list.
Arya Stark: If he were here right now, what would you do?
Sandor Clegane: I'd tell him to shut the fuck up so I can get some sleep. Go on, get it over with, your list of doomed men.
Arya Stark: I'm almost done. Only one name left.
Sandor Clegane: Go on!
Arya Stark:([lies down] The Hound. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Sandor Clegane: [on Arya's 'water-dancing'] Who taught you that shite?
Arya: The greatest swordsman who ever lived. Syrio Forel, the First Sword to the Sealord of Braavos.
Sandor Clegane: Braavos. Greasy-haired little bastard women, they all are.
Arya: What do you know about anything?
Sandor Clegane: I bet his hair's greasier than Joffrey's cunt.
Arya: It was not!
Sandor Clegane: 'Was?' He dead?
Arya: Yes!
Sandor Clegane: How?
Arya: He was killed!
Sandor Clegane: Who by?
Arya: Meryn Trant! That's why Ser Meryn's on my-
Sandor Clegane: [in disbelief] Meryn Trant? 'The greatest swordsman who ever lived' killed by Meryn fucking Trant?
Arya: He was outnumbered!
Sandor Clegane: Any boy-whore with a sword could beat three Meryn Trants.
Arya: Syrio didn't have a sword! Or armour! Just a stick!
Sandor Clegane: [laughing] The greatest swordsman who ever lived didn't have a sword? All right. You have a sword. Let's see what he taught you. Go on, do it for your Braavosi friend. Dead like all the rest of your friends.
[Arya attempts to stab him in the stomach, but Needle fails to penetrate Clegane's armour; he backhands her to the ground and picks up Needle]
Sandor Clegane: Your friend's dead and Meryn Trant's not, because Trant had armour and a big fucking sword. [hands Needle back to her and walks away]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Jon Snow: We lost four brothers?
Eddison Tollett: Five. 
Grenn: [stares at Locke's horribly broken neck] What in Seven Hells could do that to a man?
Jon Snow: I count ten dead mutineers. Locke said there were eleven of them.
Eddison Tollett: Where's Rast?
Watchman: Here's another!
Grenn: [glances up and sees Ghost appear at the gate] Jon? 
Jon Snow: [smiles] Where in Seven Hells?!  Come here! I've missed you, boy.
Eddison Tollett: [indicates Craster's surviving daughter-wives] What should we do with this lot?
Jon Snow: It's not safe for you out here on your own. Mance Rayder has an army heading this way, and there's worse out there than Mance. Come with us to Castle Black. We can find you work, keep you safe.  
Craster's first wife: Meaning all respect, Ser Crow. Craster beat us, and worse. Your brother Crows beat us, and worse. We'll find our own way.
Jon Snow: You want to stay here? In Craster's Keep?
Craster's first wife: [looks up at the hall and spits]  Burn it to the ground and all the dead with it.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Tycho Nestoris: Welcome to the Iron Bank.  Please...sit. What can we do for you, Lord Stannis?
Davos Seaworth: This is Stannis of the House Baratheon, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, and Protector of the Realm! 
Tycho Nestoris: The Iron Throne is currently occupied by Tommen of the House Baratheon, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.
Stannis Baratheon: He shares no blood with me. He was a bastard born of incest, as was his brother before him.
Tycho Nestoris: Yes, we've heard this story.
Stannis Baratheon: It's not a story! It's the truth!
Tycho Nestoris: The King's grandfather tells a different story: a story about a jealous uncle, whose attempts to usurp the throne from the rightful King cost the Seven Kingdoms dearly, in blood...and gold.
Stannis Baratheon: Gold you loaned him.
Tycho Nestoris: And you feel your blood gives you a claim on our gold?
Stannis Baratheon: More than any man living.
Tycho Nestoris: Across the Narrow Sea, your books are filled with words like "Usurper", "Madman" and "blood right".  Here, our books are filled with numbers. We prefer the stories they tell, more plain, less... open to interpretation.  How many fighting men remain loyal to you?
Stannis Baratheon: Four thousand.
Tycho Nestoris: And how many ships do you have? The ones still afloat, Ser Davos, not at the bottom of Blackwater Bay.
Davos Seaworth: Thirty-two.  
Tycho Nestoris: And, how much wheat and barley and beef and pork do you produce on Dragonstone to feed your... four thousand men, on your thirty-two ships?
Stannis Baratheon: None. 
Tycho Nestoris: You can see why these numbers seem unlikely to add up to a happy ending, from our perspective. I'm afraid we must...respectfully decline your request. But we thank you for paying us the honor of your visit. (Stannis glares at Davos; they stand up.  Stannis moves away, but Davos steps towards the table)
Davos Seaworth: My lord-
Tycho Nestoris: I'm not a lord, Ser Davos Seaworth. You would not be either here. In Braavos, thieves are not rewarded with titles.
Davos Seaworth: Well, strictly speaking, I didn't do the thieving. That would be the pirates. I just moved what they stole from one place to another. [shows his mutilated hand] This is the payment that was demanded by King Stannis for my crimes. I consider it an honest accounting. He's an honest man and he's your best chance to get back the money you've sunk into Westeros. Which is a lot, I imagine. Wars are expensive.
Tycho Nestoris: The war is over.
Davos Seaworth: As long as Stannis lives, the war is not over. Who's the real power in King's Landing?
Tycho Nestoris: Ser Davos.
Davos Seaworth: Humor me.
Tycho Nestoris: Tywin Lannister.
Davos Seaworth: How old is Tywin Lannister?
Tycho Nestoris: 67.
Davos Seaworth: 67. And when he dies, who's in command? A half-grown boy, the product of incest? Cersei Lannister, a queen whose people despise her? Jaime Lannister, a man best known for killing the king he was sworn to protect? When Tywin's gone, who do you back?
Tycho Nestoris: That is a problem for another time.
Davos Seaworth: Begging your pardon, I think it's a problem for now. There's only one reliable leader left in Westeros. Stannis. He's got the birthright. He's in his prime. He's a tried and tested battle commander. And he doesn't just talk about paying people back, he does it.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Bolton guard: [about Theon/Reek] Last cage on the right! 
Yara Greyjoy: Thank you. [she slits his throat with her hatchet] We're going home. 
Theon Greyjoy: No! [backs away from her as she opens the door]
Yara Greyjoy: It's all right! It's me,Yara.
Theon Greyjoy: You can't trick me! Tell him! Tell him you couldn't trick me!
Yara Greyjoy: I'm not tricking you, Theon! I'm saving you.
Theon Greyjoy: Not Theon! Reek! Reek! My name's Reek!
Bolton guards: They're here!
Greyjoy bannerman: If they catch us in here, we're trapped!
Yara Greyjoy:  Help me with him! 
Theon Greyjoy: [crying hysterically] No, you can't! You can't!
Yara Greyjoy: You're Theon Greyjoy!
Theon Greyjoy:  No! I've never been him! Please- I'm Reek, good Reek, I've always been Reek! 
Ramsay Snow: [entering the kennels] This is turning into a lovely evening. 
[The Bolton and Greyjoy forces attack each other]
Yara Greyjoy: Aaargh! Theon!  Give me my brother back, and no more of your men will die.
Ramsay Snow: You've got bigger balls than he ever did. But, with those... big balls of yours... [grins as he unlocks the hounds' cages] How fast can you run?

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Oberyn Martell: These meetings aren't always going to be this early, are they? I was up late last night. So, does this mean I am a master of something now? Coins, ships?
Mace Tyrell: Lord Tywin and I already determined that I shall be the Master of Ships long before you... 
[Tywin enters and everybody but Oberyn stands up]
Mace Tyrell: Lord Tywin, it's a great honor to have been granted a seat on this council. I...
Tywin Lannister: The trial begins this afternoon. We only have the morning for affairs of state. Shall we begin?
Varys: Sandor Clegane has been spotted in the Riverlands, my lord.
Cersei Lannister: A coward and a traitor.
Varys: My birds tell me the Hound slaughtered five of our soldiers. I believe the phrase "Fuck the King" was uttered.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Disgraceful.
Tywin Lannister: What would it take to make the common soldier stupid enough to try his luck with the Hound?
Varys: 10 Silver stags seems a generous bounty.
Tywin Lannister: Make it 100. What else?
Varys: More whispers from the east, my lord.
Tywin Lannister: The Targaryen girl?
Varys: Daenerys has taken up residence in Meereen. She has conquered the city and rules as its queen.
Cersei Lannister: Conquered with what?
Varys: She commands an army of Unsullied, my queen. Some 8,000 strong. She has a company of sellswords, the Second Sons. She has two knights advising her. Jorah Mormont and Barristan Selmy. And she has three dragons.
Cersei Lannister: Baby dragons.
Varys: Larger every year, Your Grace.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Mormont is spying on her for us.
Varys: No longer. He appears to be fully devoted to her. As for Ser Barristan, it would seem he took his dismissal from the Kingsguard a bit harder than anticipated.
Cersei Lannister: He's an old man. He wasn't fit to protect my son.
Tywin Lannister: Joffrey didn't die on his watch. Dismissing him was as insulting as it was stupid.
Cersei Lannister: Don't tell me you're worried about a child, halfway across the world.
Varys: A child with two seasoned warriors counseling her... and a powerful army at her back, Your Grace.
Oberyn Martell: Lord Varys is right. I have been to Essos and seen the Unsullied firsthand. They are very impressive on the battlefield. Less so in the bedroom.
Tywin Lannister: Dragons haven't won a war in 300 years. Armies win them all the time. She must be dealt with. 
Pycelle: How, my lord? By force?
Tywin Lannister: Eventually, if it comes to that. Can your little birds find their way into Mereen?
Varys: Most certainly, my Lord Hand.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Jaime Lannister: You'd condemn your own son to death?
Tywin Lannister: I've condemned no one. The trial is not over.
Jaime Lannister: This isn't a trial, it's a farce! Cersei has manipulated everything and you know it!
Tywin Lannister: I know nothing of the sort.
Jaime Lannister: You've always hated Tyrion!
Tywin Lannister: He killed his king-
Jaime Lannister: As did I! Do you know the last order the Mad King gave me? To bring him your head! [Tywin looks surprised] I saved your life so you could murder my brother?
Tywin Lannister: It won't be murder, it will be justice.
Jaime Lannister: Justice?!
Tywin Lannister: I'm performing my sworn duty as Hand of the King. If Tyrion is found guilty, he will be punished accordingly.
Jaime Lannister: He'll be executed.
Tywin Lannister: No, he'll be punished accordingly!
Jaime Lannister: Once, you said family is what lives on. All that lives on. You told me about a dynasty that would last 1000 years. What happens to your dynasty when Tyrion dies? I'm a Kingsguard, forbidden by oath to carry on the family line.
Tywin Lannister: I'm well aware of your oath.
Jaime Lannister: What happens to your name? Who carries the lion banner into future battles? Your nephews? Lancel Lannister? Others whose names I don't even remember?
Tywin Lannister: What happens to my dynasty if I spare the life of my grandson's killer?
Jaime Lannister: It survives...through me. [Tywin looks shocked] I'll leave the Kingsguard, I'll take my place as your son and heir if you let Tyrion live.
Tywin Lannister: Done. [Jaime is stunned] When the testimony is concluded and the guilty verdict rendered, Tyrion will be given the chance to speak. He'll plead for mercy, I'll allow him to join the Night's Watch. In three days times, he'll depart for Castle Black and live out his days at the Wall. You'll remove your white cloak immediately. You will leave King's Landing to assume your rightful place at Casterly Rock. You will marry a suitable woman, and father children named "Lannister". And you'll never turn your back on your family again.
Jaime Lannister: You have my word.
Tywin Lannister: And you have mine.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Tyrion Lannister: [after Shae testifies against him] Father... I wish to confess. I wish to confess.
Tywin Lannister: You wish to confess?
Tyrion Lannister: [to the audience of the trial] I saved you. I saved this city, and all your worthless lives! I should have let Stannis kill you all!
Tywin Lannister: Tyrion! Do you wish to confess?
Tyrion Lannister: Yes... Father. I'm guilty. Guilty! Is that what you want to hear?
Tywin Lannister: You admit you've poisoned the King?
Tyrion Lannister: No. Of that, I'm innocent. I'm guilty of a far more monstrous crime. I'm guilty of being a dwarf!
Tywin Lannister: [exasperated] You are not on trial for being a dwarf.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, yes I am! I've been on trial for that my entire life!
Tywin Lannister: Have you nothing to say on your defense?
Tyrion Lannister: Nothing but this: I did not do it. I did not kill Joffrey, but I WISH THAT I HAD! [addressing Cersei] Watching your vicious bastard die gave me more relief than a thousand lying whores! [Tyrion glares at Cersei and Shae, then turns to the crowd] I wish I was the monster you think I am! I wish I had enough poison for the whole pack of you! I would gladly give my life to WATCH YOU ALL SWALLOW IT!
[The entire crowd roars with outrage]
Tywin Lannister: Ser Meryn! Ser Meryn, escort the prisoner back to his cell!
Tyrion Lannister: I will NOT give my life for Joffrey's murder, and I know I'll get no justice here, so I will let the gods decide my fate! I demand a trial by combat.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Rorge: There's a price on your head.
Sandor Clegane: Yes, that's what the King does when you tell him to fuck off.
Rorge: The King's dead. He drank poisoned wine at his own wedding. The bounty on you is for killing Lannister soldiers, a hundred silver stags.
Sandor Clegane: And you thought you were going to collect it? Didn't think very hard, did you?
Arya Stark: You were Yoren's prisoners, when he was taking me to the Wall. He told me he'd fuck me bloody with a stick. 
Sandor Clegane: [to Rorge] This day's really not working out the way you planned. [to Arya] He on your little list?
Arya Stark: He can't be. I don't know his name.
Sandor Clegane: What's your name?
Rorge: Rorge.
Arya Stark: Thank you. [draws Needle and stabs Rorge through the heart]
Sandor Clegane: You're learning.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
[Bronn enters Tyrion's cell, dressed in noble finery]
Bronn: My lord. [makes a mocking bow]
Tyrion Lannister: You have new clothes.
Bronn: You like them, eh? Gloves are doeskin, softer than a virgin's thighs. 
Tyrion Lannister: I sent for you days ago.
Bronn: I've been a bit busy.
Tyrion Lannister: Doing what?!
Bronn: My lonesome bachelor days are over. I'm to wed Lollys Stokeworth.
Tyrion Lannister: Lollys Stokeworth? She doesn't strike me as your sort of girl.
Bronn: I wouldn't say I had a single sort of girl.
Tyrion Lannister: She's dim-witted!
Bronn: If I wanted wits, I'd marry you.
Tyrion Lannister: When my sister arranged this love match, did she mention that Lollys has an older sister?
Bronn: Falyse. Aye, I did know about the older sister.
Tyrion Lannister: And you do understand the rules of inheritance?
Bronn: Falyse is forty and barren.
Tyrion Lannister: She still gets Castle Stokeworth when her father dies.
Bronn: [nods] She does...unless she happens to perish before her father, then Lollys gets the castle. [sees Tyrion looking at him incredulously] What? Ladies fall from their horse and snap their pretty necks all the time.
Tyrion Lannister: You and my sister deserve each other. Why did you bother to come here?
Bronn: You once said if anyone ever asked me to sell you out, you'd double their price.
Tyrion Lannister: Is it two wives you want or two castles?!
Bronn: One of each would do... but if you want me to kill the Mountain for you, it'd better be a damn big castle.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm a bit short on castles at the moment, but I can offer you gold and gratitude.
Bronn: I have gold. What can I buy with gratitude?
Tyrion Lannister: You might be surprised. A Lannister always pays his debts.
Bronn: Your sister's a Lannister too.
Tyrion Lannister: My wife is heir to Winterfell. If I emerge from this with my head still on my shoulders, I may one day rule the North in her name. I could carve you out a big piece of it.
Bronn: If and may and could. It's bloody cold up north. Lollys is soft and warm and close. If I gave you the choice between fucking Lollys and fighting the Mountain, you'd have your britches down and your cock up before I could blink!
Tyrion Lannister: Does he frighten you so much?!
Bronn: I'd be a bloody fool if he didn't frighten me. He's freakish big and freakish strong, and quicker than you'd expect for a man of that size. Maybe I could take him, dance around until he's so tired from hacking at me he dropped his sword, get him off his feet somehow...but one misstep and I'm dead. Why should I risk it?
Tyrion Lannister: Because you're my friend.
Bronn: Aye, I'm your friend...and when have you ever risked your life for me? I like you, pampered little shit that you are. I just...like myself more.
Tyrion Lannister: I understand.
Bronn: I'm sorry it has to be this way.
Tyrion Lannister: Why are you sorry? Because you're an evil bastard with no conscience and no heart? That's what I liked about you in the first place. [they shake hands for the last time]
Bronn: We had some good days together.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, we did. 
Bronn: What will you do?
Tyrion Lannister: I suppose I'll have to kill the Mountain myself. Won't that make for a great song?
Bronn: I hope to hear them sing it one day.
 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Jorah Mormont: Daario Naharis killed his captains and dumped their heads at your feet when he grew tired of their commands. How could you ever have faith in a man like that?
Daenerys Targaryen: I could never have faith in a man like Daario. That's why I've sent him and the Second Sons to retake Yunkai.
Jorah Mormont: You have?
Daenerys Targaryen: I have. 
Jorah Mormont: Without you there to rule, Khaleesi, I fear the masters will simply bide their time, wait for the invaders to leave and reassert control.
Daenerys Targaryen: That is why I've ordered Daario to execute every master in Yunkai. The masters tear babies from their mothers' arms. They mutilate little boys by the thousands. They train little girls in the art of pleasuring old men. 
Jorah Mormont: They treat men like beasts, as you said yourself. Herding the masters into pens and slaughtering them by the thousands is also treating men like beasts. The slaves you freed, brutality is all they've ever known. If you want them to know something else, you'll have to show it to them.
Daenerys Targaryen: And repay the slavers with what? Kindness? A fine? A stern warning?
Jorah Mormont: It's tempting to see your enemies as evil, all of them, but there's good and evil on both sides in every war ever fought.
Daenerys Targaryen: Let the priests argue over good and evil. Slavery is real. I can end it. I will end it. And I will end those behind it.
Jorah Mormont: I sold men into slavery, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: And now you are helping me show them to freedom.
Jorah Mormont: I wouldn't be here to help you if Ned Stark had done to me what you want to do to the masters of Yunkai.
Daenerys Targaryen: The man who came to me the other day about burying his father.
Jorah Mormont: Hizdahr zo Loraq?
Daenerys Targaryen: He will accompany the Second Sons and serve as my ambassador to Yunkai. He will tell the masters what has happened in Meereen. He will explain the choice they have before them. They can live in my new world or they can die in their old one. Well, go and catch Daario before he leaves. Tell him I changed my mind.
Jorah Mormont: Yes, Khaleesi. 
Daenerys Targaryen: No. Tell him you changed my mind.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Tyrion Lannister: I imagined you'd be back at the brothel at this hour.
Oberyn Martell: I did spend some time with an absolutely stunning blonde the other day. 
Tyrion Lannister: Mm, do tell. I've got every kind of filth down here except the kind I like.
Oberyn Martell: Your sister, actually.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh.
Oberyn Martell: Cersei approached me. We spoke a great deal about her daughter. How worried your sister is about her. She was trying very hard to pretend she had not come to sway me against you. I think she may have even believed it herself.
Tyrion Lannister: Making honest feelings do dishonest work is one of her many gifts.
Oberyn Martell: It was difficult for her to hide her true intentions. It is rare to meet a Lannister who shares my enthusiasm for dead Lannisters. She desperately wants to see you killed.
Tyrion Lannister: She didn't need to bother you. It looks as though I've taken care of that myself. The joy she will feel when my head leaves my neck... she's wanted this for a long time.
Oberyn Martell: Yes, I know.  We met, you and I. Many years ago.
Tyrion Lannister: I think I would have remembered that.
Oberyn Martell: Unlikely. You had just been born. Our father brought me and my sister Elia with him, on a visit to Casterly Rock; my first time away from Dorne. I didn't like anything about the Rock. Not the food, not the weather, not your accents. Nothing. But the biggest disappointment... you.
Tyrion Lannister: You and my family have more in common than you might admit.
Oberyn Martell: The whole way from Dorne, all anyone talked about was the monster that had been born to Tywin Lannister. A head twice the size of his body, a tail between his legs, claws, one red eye, the privates of both a girl and a boy.
Tyrion Lannister: That would have made things so much easier.
Oberyn Martell: When we met your sister, she promised she would show you to us. Every day, we would ask; every day, she would say, "Soon." Then, she and your brother took us to your nursery and... she unveiled the freak. Your head was a bit large, your arms and legs were a bit small, but no claw. No red eye. No tail between your legs, just a tiny pink cock. We didn't try to hide our disappointment. "That's not a monster," I told Cersei. "That's just a baby." And she said, "He killed my mother." And she pinched your little cock so hard, I thought she might pull it off. Until your brother made her stop. "It doesn't matter," she told us. "Everyone says he will die soon. I hope they are right. He should not have lived this long."
Tyrion Lannister: Well... sooner or later, Cersei always gets what she wants.
Oberyn Martell: And what about what I want? Justice... for my sister, and for her children. 
Tyrion Lannister: If you want justice, you've come to the wrong place. 
Oberyn Martell: I disagree. I've come to the perfect place. I want to bring those who have wronged me to justice. And, all those who have wronged me are right here. I will begin with Ser Gregor Clegane, who killed my sister's children and then raped her with their blood still on his hands before killing her, too. I will be your champion. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Sansa Stark: You wanted to see me, Aunt Lysa?
Lysa Arryn: Come here, Sansa. Do you know how far the fall is?
Sansa Stark: No.
Lysa Arryn: Neither do I, precisely. Hundreds of feet. It's fascinating what happens to bodies when they hit the rocks from such a height. The impact breaks them right apart. Like eggs dropped on the floor. Sometimes pieces remain intact. You'll find the head sitting on its own. Every hair in place. Blue eyes staring at nothing. [pause] I know what you did.
Sansa Stark: I'm so sorry, Aunt Lysa. I never should have hit Robin, I know it. I promise it won't happen... 
Lysa Arryn: Don't be coy with me, you little whore. You kissed him. You kissed Petyr.
Sansa Stark: I didn't. You don't understand.
Lysa Arryn: I saw you. You can't lie to me because I saw it with my own eyes. 
Sansa Stark: He kissed me. I pulled away.
Lysa Arryn: Liar! [grabs Sansa by her hair and hold her over the Moon Door] Whore! He is mine! My father, my husband, my sister, they all stood between us and now they're all dead! That's what happens to people who stand between Petyr and me! Look down! Look down! Look down! Look down!
Petyr Baelish: [entering] Lysa! Let her go.
Lysa Arryn: You want her? This empty-headed child?
Petyr Baelish: Let her go.
Lysa Arryn: She's just like her mother. She'll never love you. I lied for you! I killed for you! Why did you bring her here? Why?
Petyr Baelish: I'll send her away. I swear on my life. I swear to all the gods. Let her go, Lysa. 
[Lysa releases Sansa. Baelish walks over to her and helps a crying Lysa to her feet]
Petyr Baelish: Oh, my sweet wife. My sweet, silly wife. I have only loved one woman... only one, my entire life. [Lysa smiles] Your sister.
[Baelish shoves her out of the Moon Door; she plummets to her death, screaming]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Anya Waynwood: [to Sansa] You have nothing to fear from us or him. Lord Baelish here is your uncle? Your name is Alayne? [Sansa remains silent] Perhaps you would feel more comfortable if Lord Baelish left the room.
Petyr Baelish:  My lady.
Anya Waynwood: I wasn't asking you. 
Sansa Stark: He can stay. 
Yohn Royce: Speak up, girl, you're not a damn kitchen mouse. Tell us what you saw.
Sansa Stark: I'm sorry, Lord Baelish. I have to tell the truth. I'll tell you everything.
Anya Waynwood: Please, Alayne, leave nothing out.
Sansa Stark: My name is not Alayne. It's Sansa Stark, eldest daughter of Lord Eddard Stark. Lord Royce, we met when you came to Winterfell. You were escorting your son Ser Waymar to the Wall.
Yohn Royce: Sansa Stark? [to Baelish] You tell lies right to my face, you little worm?
Sansa Stark: Lord Baelish has told many lies. All to protect me. Since my father was executed, I have been a hostage in King's Landing. A plaything for Joffrey to torture or Queen Cersei to torment. They beat me, they humiliated me, they married me to the Imp. I had no friends in King's Landing... except one. He saved me. Smuggled me away when he had the chance. He knew I'd be safe here in the Eyrie with my own blood, my Aunt Lysa. The Lannisters have friends everywhere. Even the Vale. He made me swear not to tell anyone my true name.
Vance Corbray: Your secret is safe with us, my lady.
Yohn Royce: Your father grew up right here in these halls. We hunted together many times. He was a fine man.
Anya Waynwood: Tell us what happened to your aunt, Sansa. 
Sansa Stark: You knew her well, my lords, my lady. You knew she was a troubled woman. She always loved Lord Baelish. She told me herself. From the moment he arrived at the gates of Riverrun, a boy of eight carrying everything he owned in a little sack. She confessed to me she never loved Lord Arryn. She did as her father commanded, as so many of us have. When the gods finally allowed her to be with Lord Baelish, she was so happy. For a time. My aunt was a jealous lady. She was terrified that Lord Baelish didn't love her anymore. That he would abandon her for a younger woman. And then... one day she saw him kiss me.
Yohn Royce: Lady Sansa.
Sansa Stark: It was a peck on the cheek, Lord Royce, nothing more. Lord Baelish is my uncle now, in truth, by marriage. He's always been so kind to me. I was so happy to be here, to be free. All because of him. But my aunt turned on me. She cursed me. Called me a whore. Promised to throw me through the Moon Door. When Lord Baelish tried to calm her, she struck him. She said she didn't want to live anymore. She stood on the edge of that Moon Door. He tried to reason with her. Promised her she was the only one he had ever loved, but she stepped through those doors and she was... [starts crying]
Anya Waynwood: Shh. Shh, it's not your fault, sweet girl. It's not your fault.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Daenerys Targaryen: Why did the Usurper pardon you?
Jorah Mormont: If we could speak alone...
Daenerys Targaryen: No. Speak to me here. Explain it to me.
Jorah Mormont: Who do you think sent this to Meereen? Who profits? This is the work of Tywin Lannister. He wants to divide us. If we're fighting each other, we're not fighting him.
Daenerys Targaryen: The pardon was signed the year we met. Why were you pardoned? Unless you're saying this document was forged?
Jorah Mormont: It is not forged.
Daenerys Targaryen: Why then?
Jorah Mormont: I sent letters to Varys. The spymaster of King's Landing.
Daenerys Targaryen: What was the content of these letters?
Jorah Mormont: Information.
Daenerys Targaryen: What information?
Jorah Mormont: When you and Viserys arrived in Pentos. His plan to marry you to Khal Drogo. When you were married. When your brother died...
Daenerys Targaryen: You told them I was carrying Drogo's child?
Jorah Mormont: I...
Daenerys Targaryen: Yes or no.
Jorah Mormont: Khaleesi—
Daenerys Targaryen: Don't call me that. Did you tell them I was carrying Drogo's child?
Jorah Mormont: Yes. 
Daenerys Targaryen: That wine merchant tried to poison me because of your information.
Jorah Mormont: I stopped you from drinking his wine.
Daenerys Targaryen: Because you knew it was poisoned.
Jorah Mormont: I suspected...
Daenerys Targaryen: You betrayed me... From the first!
Jorah Mormont: [kneeling] Forgive me. I never meant... Please, Khaleesi. Forgive me.
Daenerys Targaryen: You sold my secrets to the man who killed my father and stole my brother's throne.
Jorah Mormont: I have protected you, fought for you, killed for you!
Daenerys Targaryen: You want me to forgive you?
Jorah Mormont: I have loved you.
Daenerys Targaryen: Love? Love? How can you say that to me? Any other man and I would have you executed, but you...I don't want you in my city dead or alive. Go back to your masters in King's Landing, collect your pardon if you can. 
Jorah Mormont: Daenerys, please...
Daenerys Targaryen: Don't ever presume to touch me again or speak my name. You have until dusk to collect your things and leave this city. If you are found in Meereen past break of day, I'll have your head thrown into Slaver's Bay. Go. Now.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Ramsay Snow: Moat Cailin is yours, Father.
Roose Bolton: Walk with me. Has there been any word from Locke?
Ramsay Snow: No.
Roose Bolton: Unimportant. A cripple, and a young boy. None of the Northern lords have seen them.  Dead, most likely. Most of the Ironborn have fled the North. Now more will follow, thanks to you. Tell me what you see.
Ramsay Snow: Moors, fields, hills...
Roose Bolton: Tell me what you see.
Ramsay Snow: Nothing.
Roose Bolton: Not nothing - the North. Ride seven hundred miles that way, you're still in the North.  Four hundred miles that way, three hundred miles that way. The North is larger than the other six kingdoms combined.  And I am the Warden of the North. The North is mine. Now, tell me. What is your name?
Ramsay Snow: Ramsay Snow.
Roose Bolton: No, not Ramsay Snow. [hands him a scroll] Open it. From this day until your last day, you are Ramsay Bolton, son of Roose Bolton, Warden of the North.
Ramsay Bolton: [stares at him, kneels] You honor me. I swear, I will uphold your tradition and your name. I will be worthy of you, Father. I promise.
<hr width="50%" />
Tyrion Lannister: [swigs some wine] Wine always helps. Thank you for it. Trial by combat. Deciding a man's guilt or innocence in the eyes of the Gods, by having two other men hack each other to pieces. Tells you something about the Gods. How much longer?
Jaime Lannister: Soon.
Tyrion Lannister: Do you thing Oberyn has a chance? [Jaime shrugs] The Red Viper of Dorne! You don't get a name like that unless you're deadly, right?
Jaime Lannister: I've never seen him fight.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, he's going to die! I'm going to die!
Jaime Lannister: Oberyn believes in himself.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, that's putting it mildly. What's the punishment for regicide? Drawing and quartering? Hanging? Breaking at the wheel?
Jaime Lannister: [sighs] Beheading.
Tyrion Lannsiter: Seems rather ordinary. And he was my nephew as well. So what's that? Fratricide is brothers, filicide is sons. Nepoticide! That's the one. Matricide, Patricide, infanticide, suicide. There's no kind of killing that doesn't have its own word.
Jaime Lannister: [Guiltily] Cousins.
Tyrion Lannister: Cousins? You're right. There is no name for cousin-killing! Well done.  Do you remember cousin Orson? Orson Lannister?
Jaime Lannister: Of course. Wet-nurse dropped him on his head. Left him simple.
Tyrion Lannister: Simple? Used to sit all day in the garden. Crushing beetles with a rock.
[Both men mimicking Orson smashing beetles while grunting: "Khuun, khuun, khuun, khuun!"]
Tyrion Lannister: [Chuckles] Nothing made him happier.
Jaime Lannister: Nothing made you happier. You'd think being tormented from birth would have given you some affinity for the afflicted?
Tyrion Lannister: On the contrary. Laughing at another person's misery was the only thing that made me feel like everyone else.
Jaime Lannister: The joke wore thin, though.
Tyrion Lannister: For you. You drifted away.
Jaime Lannister: I had other interests.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, other interests...But I stayed with Orson.
Jaime Lannister: Why?
Tyrion Lannister: I was curious. Why was he smashing all those beetles? What did he get out of it? First thing I did was ask him: "Orson, why are you smashing all those beetles?" He gave me an answer: "Thmasth the beetles! Thmasth 'em! Khuun, khuun, khuun!" I wasn't deterred. I was the smartest person I knew. Certainly I had the wherewithal to unravel the mysteries that lay at the heart of a moron. So, I went to Maester Volarik's library.
Jaime Lannister: Volarik. Tried to touch me once.
Tyrion Lannister: Turns out, far too much has been written about great men and not nearly enough about morons. Doesn't seem right. In any case, I found nothing that illuminated the nature of Orson's affliction, or the reason behind his relentless beetle slaughter. So, I went back to the source. I may not have been able to speak with Orson, but I could observe him, watch him the way men watch animals to come to a deeper understanding of their behavior.
[Tyrion picks up a lone beetle to study it]
Tyrion Lannister: And as I watched, I became more and more sure of it. There was something happening there. His face was like the page of a book written in a language I didn't understand. But he wasn't mindless. He had his reasons. And I became possessed with knowing what they were. I began to spend inordinate amounts of time watching him. I would eat my lunch in the garden, chewing my mutton to the music of "khuun, khuun, khuun..." And when I wasn't watching him, I was thinking about him. Father droned on about the family legacy and I thought about Orson's beetles. I read the histories of Targaryen conquests. Did I hear dragon wings? No. I heard: Khuun, khuun, khuun. And I still couldn't figure out why he was doing it. And I had to know, because it was horrible, that all these beetles should be dying for no reason.
Jaime Lannister: Every day around the world, men, women, and children are murdered by the score. Who gives a dusty fuck about a bunch of beetles--?
Tyrion Lannister: I know, I know. But still, it filled me with dread. Piles and piles of them, years and years of them. How many countless living crawling things smashed and dried out and returned to the dirt? In my dreams I found myself standing on a beach made of beetle husks stretching as far as the eye could see. I woke up crying, weeping for their shattered little bodies. I tried to stop Orson once.
Jaime Lannister: He was twice your size.
Tyrion Lannister: He just pushed me aside with a "khuun" and kept on smashing. Every day...until that mule kicked him in the chest and killed him.
[Tyrion sets down the unharmed beetle as it scuttles off]
Tyrion Lannister: So what do you think? Why did he do it? What was it all about?
Jaime Lannister: [Perplexed]...I don't know.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Oberyn Martell: [after performing some warm-up acrobatics with his spear, drawing cheers from the crowd] Have they told you who I am?
Gregor Clegane: Some dead man. [He swings his greatsword, Oberyn easily dodges]
Oberyn Martell: I am the brother of Elia Martell. Do you know why I have come all the way to this stinking shit-pile of a city? [grins] For you. I am going to hear you confess before you die. You raped my sister. You murdered her. You killed her children. Say it now and we can make this quick. [Clegane lunges at him again, roaring; the Viper fends off his strike with his spearblade, then knocks off Clegane's helmet and moves around him in a circle] Say it. [He dodges the Mountain's  swings repeatedly as he speaks, still grinning] You raped her. You murdered her. You killed her children. [Oberyn continues to circle and dodge around Clegane's furious attacks] You raped her! You murdered her! You killed her children! [Oberyn makes a series of attacks. Clegane's charges are becoming slower and clumsier, Oberyn's voice is rising with rage] YOU RAPED HER! YOU MURDERED HER! [Oberyn slashes the Mountain's right hamstring with the spearblade, brings him to his knees] YOU KILLED HER CHILDREN! [he leaps and stabs Ser Gregor through the chestplate, knocking him onto his back.] Wait. Are you dying? No, no, no, you can't die yet, you haven't confessed! [wrenches his spear free, stalks around his prone opponent] Say it. Say her name. Elia Martell. You raped her. You killed her children. Elia Martell. [pointing at Tywin] Who gave you the order? WHO GAVE YOU THE ORDER?! SAY HER NAME! YOU RAPED HER! YOU MURDERED HER! YOU KILLED HER CHILDREN! Say it. Say her name. SAY IT!
Gregor Clegane: [suddenly trips Oberyn to the ground, knocks his teeth out with one blow, rolls over and pins him, and begins gouging out his eyes] Elia Martell. I killed her children. Then I raped her. Then I smashed her head in LIKE THIS! [crushes Oberyn's skull, then rolls over, severely wounded]
Tywin Lannister: The gods have made their will known. Tyrion Lannister, in the name of King Tommen of the House Baratheon, First of His Name, you are hereby sentenced to death.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Samwell Tarly: [about Ygritte] What was she like?
Jon Snow: She...she had red hair.
Samwell Tarly: [sarcastically] Oh? How big were her feet?
Jon Snow: What do you want me to say?
Samwell Tarly: I want you to tell me what it was like to have someone, to be with someone, to love someone and have them love you back. We're all gonna die a lot sooner than I planned. You're the closest I'll ever get to knowing.
Jon Snow: So you and Gilly never...?
Samwell Tarly: No. She just had a baby. And she never offered.
Jon Snow: But if she had, you would have? You would have broken your vows?
Samwell Tarly: The interesting thing is our vows never specifically forbid intimate relations with women.
Jon Snow: What?
Samwell Tarly: "I shall take no wife." Yes, that's in there, there's no denying that. "I shall father no children." It's very specific. But what our vows have to say about other activities is open to interpretation.
Jon Snow: I don't think Ser Alliser cares much for interpretation.
Samwell Tarly: Anyway, there's nothing for him to interpret. We didn't. So what's it like?
Jon Snow: It's...there's this person, this whole other person, and you're wrapped in them, they're wrapped up in you, and...you...for a little...for a little while you're more than just you, you're...well, I don't know, I'm not a bleeding poet!
Samwell Tarly: No, you're really not.
Jon Snow: And what did I get for it? An arrow six inches from my heart.
Samwell Tarly: They'll be arrows for all of us soon, I imagine.
Jon Snow: There will.
Samwell Tarly: They've already done the worst thing to me they can ever do.
Jon Snow: Go get some sleep, Sam.  I'll take this watch.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Jon Snow: That's the last of the oil, Ser Alliser.
Alliser Thorne: A hundred thousand, you say?
Jon Snow: Yes, sir.
Alliser Thorne: You can say it if you like. We should have sealed the tunnel while we had the chance, like you suggested.
Jon Snow: It was a difficult decision either way, sir.
Alliser Thorne: Do you know what leadership means, Lord Snow? It means that the person in charge gets second guessed by every clever little twat with a mouth. But if he starts second guessing himself, that's the end. For him, for the clever little twats, for everyone. This is not the end. Not for us. Not if you lot do your duty for however long it takes to beat them back. And then you get to go on hating me, and I get to go on wishing your Wildling whore had finished the job.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
[After a giant lifts up the outer gate with his bare hands]
Hill: How are we gonna stop that?!
2nd Watchman: He's got twenty arrows in him already!
Grenn: You heard Jon. We hold the Gate!
Hill: Jon Snow's not Lord Commander.
Grenn: We hold the Gate! 
[The giant pushes his way under the outer gate and lets it fall closed behind him] 
Hill: Mother save me. Father save me.
Grenn: The Gods aren't down here. It's just the six of us, do you hear me? [the giant roars and begins to move towards them] 
Hill: No, please.
Grenn: "Night gathers, and so my Watch begins. It shall not end until my death! [roaring, the giant breaks into a run] I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children!"
Grenn and the other four Watchmen: "I shall wear no crowns, win no glory! I shall live and die by my post!" 
All six Watchmen: "I am the Sword in the Darkness! I am the Watcher on the Walls! I am the Shield that guards the Realms of Men! I PLEDGE MY LIFE TO THE NIGHT'S WATCH, FOR THIS NIGHT, AND FOR ALL THE NIGHTS TO COME!"

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
[Ygritte has been mortally wounded by an arrow shot by Olly]
Ygritte: Jon Snow.
Jon Snow: Hush.  Don't talk.
Ygritte: You remember that cave? [Jon nods] We should have stayed in that cave.
Jon Snow: We'll go back there.
Ygritte: You know nothing, Jon Snow.
[Ygritte dies]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Samwell Tarly: We held them off.
Jon Snow: For one night.
Samwell Tarly: This is a great victory!
Jon Snow: Great victory? Mance was testing our defenses. He almost made it through. And, he has more giants, he has more mammoths; he has a thousand times as many men. They'll hit us again tonight. Maybe we can hold them off for a day or two, but we'll never beat them.
Samwell Tarly: Where are you going?
Jon Snow: I'm going to find Mance.
Samwell Tarly: To fi- you can't do that! No one gave you any orders!
Jon Snow: Who's left to give orders? The Wildling army is only an army because of Mance. He united a hundred warring tribes. Without Mance, they lose their leader, they lose their purpose, they go back to fighting each other, scatter back to their homes. 
Samwell Tarly: Without Mance. You goin' to kill him?
Jon Snow: I'm gonna try.
Samwell Tarly: They'll never let you within a hundred yards of him! And even if they did, even if you managed to kill him...
Jon Snow: They'll kill me. But if I don't go, they'll kill me anyway. They'll kill the rest of us, too.
Samwell Tarly:  They won't just kill you. They'll boil you, they'll... flay you, they'll make it last days!
Jon Snow: You're right. It's a bad plan. What's your plan? [they find the last giant dead, surrounded by the bodies of Grenn and the other five Watchmen] They held the Gate. Get some brothers down here to help you. We need to burn the bodies. Raise the outer gate, then lower it again as soon as I'm out. 
Samwell Tarly: [notices Jon unbuckling Longclaw from his belt] What're you doing?
Jon Snow: I promised Mormont I'd never lose it again. [hands the sword to Sam] In case I don't come back. 
Samwell Tarly: Jon? Come back. [Jon gives him a sad smile and walks out beyond the Wall]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Stannis Baratheon: [stopping in front of Mance and Jon, to Mance] You're the "King Beyond the Wall"? [Mance nods] Do you know who I am?
Mance Rayder: Never had the pleasure.
Davos Seaworth: This is Stannis Baratheon, the one true King of the Seven Kingdoms.
Mance Rayder: We're not in the Seven Kingdoms, and you're not dressed for this weather.
Stannis Baratheon: [pause] It is customary to kneel when surrendering to a King. [long pause, then Mance smiles and shakes his head]
Mance Rayder: We do not kneel. 
Stannis Baratheon: I'll have thousands of your men in chains by nightfall. I have nothing to feed them and nowhere to put them. I'm not here to slaughter beaten dogs. their fate depends on their King.
Mance Rayder:  All the same, we do not kneel.
Stannis Baratheon: Take these men away. 
Davos Seaworth: [to Jon] What's a man of the Night's Watch doing in a Wildling camp?
Jon Snow: I was sent to discuss terms with the King Beyond the Wall.
Davos Seaworth: You're speaking to the one true King, boy. You will address him as "Your Grace".
Jon Snow: I know he's the King. My father died for him. My name is Jon Snow, Your Grace.  I'm Ned Stark's son.
Stannis Baratheon: Your father was an honorable man.
Jon Snow: He was, Your Grace.
Stannis Baratheon: What do you think he'd have done with him?
Jon Snow: I was this man's prisoner, once. He could've tortured me, he could've killed me... but instead he spared my life. I think my father would've taken him prisoner and listened to what he had to say. 
Stannis Baratheon: Very well, then. [turns to Davos] Take him prisoner. 
Jon Snow: Your Grace? [Stannis turns back to him] If my father had seen the things that I've seen, he'd also tell you to burn the dead before nightfall - all of them.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
Tywin Lannister:  We've been over this. The matter's closed. 
Cersei Lannister: I'm opening it again.
Tywin Lannister: You were betrothed to Loras Tyrell. You are still betrothed to Loras Tyrell and you will marry Loras Tyrell, as soon as Tommen marries Margaery.
Cersei Lannister: I will not.
Tywin Lannister: Jaime cannot marry, or inherit lands. Tyrion's sentence will be carried out tomorrow. You have, on several occasions, made great claims about your commitment to this family's future. Your role in that future is now more vital than it ever was-
Cersei Lannister: I don't care. I will stay in King's Landing where I belong, with my son the King.
Tywin Lannister: When you were nine years old, I was called away to the Capitol; I decided to take your brother with me, and not you. You insisted that you would not be left at Casterly Rock under any circumstances, and if you recall...
Cersei Lannister: I'm not interested in hearing another of your smug stories about the time you won. This isn't going to be one of those times. 
Tywin Lannister: Do you think you'll be the first person dragged into a sept to be married against her will? 
Cersei Lannister: When you marched into the Throne Room to tell me we'd won the Battle of Blackwater... Do you remember? I was sitting on the Iron Throne with Tommen. I was about to give him essence of nightshade, that’s how far I was willing to go when I thought someone awful had come to take my son away. Someone awful is coming to take him away.
Tywin Lannister: No.
Cersei Lannister: Joffrey is dead, Myrcella has been sold like livestock, and now you want to ship me off to Highgarden and steal my boy, my last boy! Margery will dig her claws in, you will dig your claws in, and you will fight over him like beasts until you rip him apart. I will burn our house to the ground before I let that happen!
Tywin Lannister: And how will you do that?
Cersei Lannister: I'll tell everyone the truth.
Tywin Lannister: What truth would that be?
Cersei Lannister: You don't know, do you? You never believed it. How is that possible? What am I saying? Of course it's possible. How can someone so consumed by the idea of his family have any conception what his actual family was doing? We were right there, in front of you, and you didn't see us. One look in the past twenty years- one real look, and you would have known.
Tywin Lannister: Known what?
Cersei Lannister: [grins maliciously] Everything they say is true - about Jaime and me.
Tywin Lannister: No, no, no, no...
Cersei Lannister: [giggles] Your legacy is a lie.
Tywin Lannister: No, I don't believe you. 
Cersei Lannister: Yes, you do. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
[Bran, Hodor and Meera are led into the Heart Tree, escaping the dead, meeting what appears to be an old man]
Bran Starkː You're the three-eyed raven.
Three-Eyed Ravenː I have been many things. Now, I am what you see.
Meera Reedː My brother...he led us to you, and now he --
Three-Eyed Ravenː He knew what would happen. From the moment he left, he knew... and he went anyway.
Meera Reedː How do you know?
Three-Eyed Ravenː I have been watching you. All of you. All of your lives. With a thousand eyes, and one. Now you come to me at last, Brandon Stark... though the hour is late.
Bran Starkː I didn't want anyone to die for me.
Three-Eyed Ravenː He died so you could find what you have lost.
Bran Starkː You're going to help me walk again?
Three-Eyed Ravenː You will never walk again. But you will fly.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
%
[Arya finds the mortally-wounded Hound at the bottom of a ravine, after being defeated by Brienne]
Sandor Clegane: Are you still here? [coughs up blood] Big bitch saved you.
Arya Stark: I don't need saving.
Sandor Clegane: No, not you. You're a real killer, with your water-dancing and your Needle.
Arya Stark: You going to die?
Sandor Clegane: Unless there's a maester hiding behind that rock... aye. I'm done. I'd skin you alive for wine. [Arya reaches for her waterskin] Fuck waterǃ [chuckles] Killed by a woman. I bet you like that. Go on. Go after her. She'll help you. [Arya shakes her head] Going it alone, you won't last a day out there.
Arya Stark: I'll last longer than you.
Sandor Clegane: You remember where the heart is? [Arya nods] Fuck it... I'm ready. Go on, girl. Another name off your list. You kept promising me... I cut down your butcher's boy, the ginger. He was begging for mercy. "Please, ser, please don't kill meǃ Pleaseǃ Pleaseǃ" Bled all over my horse. Saddle stunk of butcher's boy for weeks. And your sister, your pretty sister. I should've taken her, that night the Blackwater burned. I should've fucked her bloody. At least I'd have one happy memory. [Arya does not react, continues to stare] Do I have to beg you? Do it. Do it. Do itǃ [Arya stands and approaches him, hand on her swordhilt...but instead she kneels and takes his gold pouch] Kill me. Kill meǃ KILL MEǃ KILL MEǃǃǃ

 - Game of Thrones/Season 4
