Tormund Giantsbane: I smell a Crow.
Lord of Bones: We killed his friends. Thought you'd want to question this one.
Tormund Giantsbane: What do we want with a baby Crow?
Ygritte: This baby killed Qhorin Halfhand. 
Tormund Giantsbane: That halfhanded cunt killed friends of mine. Friends twice your size.
Jon Snow: My father taught me big men fall just as quick as little ones if you put a sword through their hearts.  
Tormund Giantsbane: Plenty of little men tried to put their swords through my heart. And there's plenty of little skeletons buried in the woods. What's your name, boy?
Jon Snow: Jon Snow... Your Grace. 
Tormund Giantsbane: "Your Grace?"  Do you hear that? From now on, you'd better kneel every time I fart.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Bronn: I grow poor protecting you.
Tyrion Lannister: Poor? Under my patronage, you've become a knight, you've served as commander of the City Watch.
Bronn: Briefly.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm sure you've filled your pockets.
Bronn: And now, my pockets are empty. You've given me a taste for the finer things and if you want me to carry on protecting you, you'll have to pay more.
Tyrion Lannister: I thought we were friends.
Bronn: We are but I'm a sellsword.  I sell my sword, I don't loan it out to friends as a favor.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Tyrion Lannister: The badge looks good on you. Almost as good as it looked on me. Are you enjoying your new position?
Tywin Lannister: Am I enjoying it?
Tyrion Lannister: I was very happy as Hand of the King.
Tywin Lannister: Yes. I heard how happy you were. You brought a whore into my bed.
Tyrion Lannister: It wasn't your bed at the time.
Tywin Lannister: I sent you here to advise the king. I gave you real power and authority. You chose to spend your days as you always have: bedding harlots and drinking with thieves.
Tyrion Lannister: Occasionally I drank with the harlots.
Tywin Lannister: What do you want, Tyrion?
Tyrion Lannister: Why does everyone assume I want something? Can't I simply visit with my beloved father? My beloved father who somehow forgot to visit his wounded son after he fell on the battlefield.
Tywin Lannister: Maester Pycelle assured me your wounds were not fatal.
Tyrion Lannister: I organized the defense of this city while you held court in the ruins of Harrenhal. I led the foray when the enemies were at the gate while your grandson, the king, quivered in fear behind the walls. I bled in the mud for our family. And as my reward, I was trundled off to some dark little cell. But what do I want? A little bloody gratitude would be a start.
Tywin Lannister: Jugglers and singers require applause. You are a Lannister. Do you think I demanded a garland of roses every time I suffered a wound on a battlefield? Hmm? Now, I have seven kingdoms to look after and three of them are in open rebellion. So tell me what you want.
Tyrion Lannister: I want what is mine by right. Jaime is your eldest son, heir to your lands and titles. But he is a Kingsguard, forbidden from marriage or inheritance. The day Jaime put on the white cloak, he gave up his claim to Casterly Rock. I am your son and lawful heir.
Tywin Lannister: You want Casterly Rock?
Tyrion Lannister: It is mine by right.
Tywin Lannister: We'll find you accommodations more suited to your name and as a reward for your accomplishments during the battle of Blackwater Bay. And when the time is right, you will be given a position fit for your talents so that you can serve your family and protect our legacy. And if you serve faithfully, you will be rewarded with a suitable wife. And I would let myself be consumed by maggots before mocking the family name and making you heir to Casterly Rock.
Tyrion Lannister: Why?
Tywin Lannister: Why? You ask that? You, who killed your mother to come into the world? You are an ill-made, spiteful little creature full of envy, lust, and low cunning. Men's laws give you the right to bear my name and display my colors since I cannot prove that you are not mine. And to teach me humility, the gods have condemned me to watch you waddle about wearing that proud lion that was my father's sigil and his father's before him. But neither gods nor men will ever compel me to let you turn Casterly Rock into your whorehouse. Go, now. Speak no more of your rights to Casterly Rock. Go. [Tyrion walks away] Oh, one more thing. The next whore I catch in your bed, I'll hang.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, you are the rightful king. Not only by blood. You're an honorable man, a just man. And there is still a war to fight. 
Stannis Baratheon: I am fighting.
Davos Seaworth: By burning prisoners alive?
Melissandre: How would you punish the infidels, Ser Davos?
Davos Seaworth: I do not judge people for the gods they worship. If I did, I'd have thrown you in the sea before you ever set foot on Dragonstone.
Melissandre: I'm not your enemy.
Davos Seaworth: You are my enemy.
Melissandre: Was it me you fought on Blackwater Bay? Did I set your ships ablaze? I wasn't there when the wildfire killed our men by the thousands. I could have saved those men. You would have taken the city, Stannis would now sit upon his rightful throne, and you would stand beside him. But I wasn't there because you convinced your king to leave me behind. Do you hear them screaming? All those burning men in the water crying for their mothers, for their gods for help? Until the moment the Blackwater swallowed them. Don't despair, Ser Davos. What I told your son is true. Death by fire is the purest death.
[Davos pulls out a knife and tries to stab Melissandre, but is restrained by the guards.
Davos Seaworth: This woman is evil! She's the mother of demons.
Stannis Baratheon: Take him to the dungeon and lock him in a cell.
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace!
Melissandre: You've chosen the darkness, Ser Davos.
Davos Seaworth: She will destroy us all!
Melissandre: I will pray for you.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Jaime Lannister: You know, it doesn't matter how loyal a servant you are, no one enjoys the company of a humorless mute. Trust me on this. People have been serving me since I was born. You think Lady Stark is going to want a giant towheaded plank following her around for the rest of her life? A week's journey with you and she'll order you to fall on your sword.
Brienne of Tarth: If Lady Stark is unhappy with any aspect of my service, I'm sure she'll let me know. She's an honest woman.
Jaime Lannister: For all the good it's done her. How did you come into Lady Stark's service? There's something we can talk about.
Brienne of Tarth: Not your concern, Kingslayer.
Jaime Lannister: It had to be recently. You weren't with her at Winterfell.
Brienne of Tarth: How would you know?
Jaime Lannister: Because I visited Winterfell. I would have noticed your dour head smacking into the archways.
Brienne of Tarth: Move.
Jaime Lannister: Were you pledged to Stannis?
Brienne of Tarth: Gods, no.
Jaime Lannister: Ah, Renly. Really? He wasn't fit to rule over anything more important than a 12-course meal.
Brienne of Tarth: Shut your mouth.
Jaime Lannister: Why? I lived with him at court since he was a boy, don't forget. Could hardly escape the little tulip skipping down the corridors in his embroidered silks. I knew him far better than you.
Brienne of Tarth: I knew him as well as anyone. As a member of his Kingsguard, he trusted me with everything. He would have been a wonderful king.
Jaime Lannister: Sounds like you quite fancied him.
Brienne of Tarth: I did not fancy him.
Jaime Lannister: Oh, gods, you did. Did you ever tell him? No, of course not. You weren't Renly's type, I'm afraid. He preferred curly-haired little girls like Loras Tyrell. You're far too much man for him.
Brienne of Tarth: I'm not interested in foul rumors.
Jaime Lannister: Unless they're about me. It's all true about Renly. His proclivities were the worst kept secret at court. It's a shame the throne isn't made out of cocks. They'd have never got him off it.
Brienne of Tarth: Shut your mouth!
Jaime Lannister: I don't blame him. And I don't blame you, either. We don't get to choose who we love.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Margaery Tyrell: Lady Sansa, it is my honor to present my grandmother... the Lady Olenna of House Tyrell.
Olenna Tyrell Kiss me, child. [Sansa does so] It's so good of you to visit me and my foolish flock of hens. We're very sorry for your losses.
Sansa Stark: And I was sorry when I heard of Lord Renly's death, Lady Margaery. He was very gallant.
Olenna Tyrell: Gallant, yes. And charming and very clean. He knew how to dress and smile and somehow this gave him the notion he was fit to be king.
Margaery Tyrell: Renly was brave and gentle, Grandmother. Father liked him and so did Loras.
Olenna Tyrell Loras is young and very good at knocking men off horses with a stick. That does not make him wise. As to your fathead father--
Margaery Tyrell: Grandmother! What will Sansa think of us?
Olenna Tyrell: She might think we have some wits about us. One of us, at any rate. It was treason. I warned them. Robert has two sons and Renly has an older brother. How could he possibly have any claim to that ugly iron chair? We should have stayed well out of all this if you ask me. But once the cow's been milked, there's no squirting the cream back up her udders. So here we are to see things through. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Olenna Tyrell: Are you frightened, child? No need for that. We're only women here. Tell us the truth. No harm will come to you.
Sansa Stark: My father always told the truth.
Olenna Tyrell: Yes, he had that reputation. And they named him traitor and took his head.
Sansa Stark: Joffrey. Joffrey did that. He promised he would be merciful and he cut my father's head off. And he said that was mercy. Then he took me up on the walls and made me look at it.
Margaery Tyrell: Go on.
Sansa Stark: I.. I can't. I never meant... my father was a traitor. My brother as well. I have traitor's blood. Please don't make me say anymore.
Margaery Tyrell: She's terrified, Grandmother. Just look at her.
Olenna Tyrell: Speak freely, child. We would never betray your confidence, I swear it.
Sansa Stark: He's a monster.
Olenna Tyrell: Ah. That's a pity.
Sansa Stark: Please, don't stop the wedding.
Olenna Tyrell: Have no fear. The Lord Oaf of Highgarden is determined that Margaery shall be queen. Even so, we thank you for the truth. Ah, here comes my cheese.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Talisa Maegyr: May I help you, Lady Stark?
Catelyn Stark: No.
Talisa Maegyr: I'm sorry, I shouldn't have-
Catelyn Stark: You can't help because a mother makes one for her children to protect them. Only a mother can make them.
Talisa Maegyr: You've made them before?
Catelyn Stark: Twice.
Talisa Maegyr: Did they work?
Catelyn Stark: After a fashion. I prayed for my son Bran to survive his fall. Many years before that, one of the boys came down with the pox. Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, he'd live. But it would be a very long night. So I sat with him all through the darkness, listened to his ragged little breaths, his coughing, his whimpering.
Talisa Maegyr: Which boy?
Catelyn Stark: Jon Snow. When my husband brought that baby home from the war, I couldn't bear to look at him, didn't want to see those brown stranger's eyes staring at me. So I prayed to the gods "Take him away, make him die". He got the pox and I knew I was the worst woman who ever lived. A murderer. I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother, a woman he didn't even know! So I prayed to all Seven Gods "Let the boy live. Let him live and I'll love him. I'll be a mother to him. I'll beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it, to make him one of us".
Talisa Maegyr: And he lived?
Catelyn Stark: And he lived. And I couldn't keep my promise. And everything that's happened since then, all this horror that's come to my family...it's all because I couldn't love a motherless child.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Osha: Isn't he ashamed, your brother, needing you to protect him?
Meera Reed: Where's the shame in that?
Osha: Any boy his age who needs his sister to protect him is gonna find himself needing lots of protecting.
Meera Reed: Some people will always need help. That doesn't mean they're not worth helping.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Edmure Tully: If I may, nephew, I encountered a situation with one of my lieutenants at the Stone Mill which may have some bearing-
Brynden Tully: Why don't you shut your mouth about that damned mill? And don't call him "nephew." He is your king.
Edmure Tully: Robb knows I meant him no disr-
Brynden Tully: You're lucky I'm not your king. I wouldn't let you wave your blunders around like a victory flag.
Edmure Tully: My blunder sent Tywin's mad dog scurrying back to Casterly Rock with his tail between his legs. I think King Robb understands we're not gonna win this war if he's the only one winning any battles. No, there's glory enough to go around.
Robb Stark: It's not about glory. Your instructions were to wait for him to come to you.
Edmure Tully: I seized an opportunity.
Robb Stark: What value was the mill?
Edmure Tully: The Mountain was garrisoned across the river from it.
Robb Stark: Is he there now?
Edmure Tully: Of course not. We took the fight to him. He could not withstand us.
Robb Stark: I wanted to draw the Mountain into the west, into our country where we could surround him and kill him. I wanted him to chase us, which he would have done because he is a mad dog without a strategic thought in his head. I could have that head on a spike by now. Instead, I have a mill.
Edmure Tully: We took hostages. Willem Lannister. Martyn Lannister.
Robb Stark: Willem and Martyn Lannister are 14 years old.
Brynden Tully: Martyn is 15, I believe.
Robb Stark: Tywin Lannister has my sisters. Have I sued for peace?
Edmure Tully: No.
Robb Stark: Do you think he'll sue for peace because we have his... [frowns as he tries to work it out in his head] Father's brother's great-grandsons?
Edmure Tully: No.
Robb Stark: How many men did you lose?
Edmure Tully: 208. But for every man we lost, the Lannisters--
Robb Stark: We need our men more than Tywin needs his!
Edmure Tully: I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Robb Stark: You would have. Right here today at this gathering if you had been patient.
Brynden Tully: We seem to be running short of patience here.
Robb Stark: You know who isn't? Tywin Lannister.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Tywin Lannister: What news of Jaime? [All the others remain silent] Twenty thousand unwashed Northerners have known about his escape for weeks. Collectively, you control more spies and informants than the rest of the world combined. Do you mean to tell me that none of you has any notion where he is?
Varys: We are trying, my lord.
Tywin Lannister: Try harder! What do we have then?
Varys: Robb Stark and most of his bannermen are in Riverrun for the funeral of his grandfather, Lord Hoster Tully. In Stark's absence, Roose Bolton holds Harrenhal, which would make him Lord of Harrenhal, in practice if not in name-
Tywin Lannister: Let him have it. The name suits our purposes far more than that useless pile of rubble. The Lord of Harrenhal will make a worthy suitor for the widow Arryn.
Petyr Baelish: For which I am extremely grateful to you, my lord. Lady Arryn and I have known each other since we were children; she has always been positively predisposed towards me.
Grand Maester Pycelle: A successful courtship would make Lord Baelish Acting Lord of the Vale.
Petyr Baelish: Titles do seem to breed titles.
Tywin Lannister: You'll leave for the Eyrie as soon as possible and bring Lysa Arryn into the fold, then the Young Wolf can add his own aunt to the list of people who've taken up arms against him!
Tyrion Lannister: Far be it from me to hinder true love, but Lord Baelish's absence would present certain problems. The royal wedding may end up being the most expensive event in living memory. Summer had ended, hard days lie ahead, not a good time to leave the crown's finances unattended.
Tywin Lannister: Fully agreed, which is why I am naming you Master of Coin. 
Tyrion Lannister: Master of Coin?!
Tywin Lannister: It would appear to be a position that best suits your talents.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm quite good at spending money, but a lifetime of outrageous wealth hasn't taught me about managing it!
Cersei Lannister: I have no doubt you will prove equal to this challenge.
Grand Maester Pycelle:  Hear, hear!

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Brynden Tully: After thirty years of fighting, I... I think he'd forgotten what started' it!  He asked me to stop calling myself "Blackfish". Said it was an old joke, and it was never funny to begin with. I told him, "People have been calling me 'Blackfish' for so long, I don't remember my real name!"
Catelyn Stark: Every time he left for the Capitol, or to fight in a campaign, I'd see him off. "Wait for me, Little Cat" he'd say, "Wait for me and I'll come back to you." And I would sit at this window every day when the sun came up, waiting. I wonder how many times did Bran and Rickon stare across the moors of Winterfell, waiting for me to return?! I will never see them again! 
Brynden Tully: You musn't think it.  We don't know it. They could be in hiding. Robb believes they're alive. And, he must go on believing. He's got to remain strong if he's going to prevail, and you must remain strong for him.
 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Barristan Selmy: When your brother Rhaegar led his army into battle at the Trident, men died for him because they believed in him, because they loved him, not because they'd been bought at a slaver's auction. I fought beside the last dragon on that day, your Grace. I bled beside him.
Jorah Mormont: Rhaegar fought valiantly, Rhaegar fought nobly...and Rhaegar died.
Daenerys Targaryen: Did you know him well, Ser Barristan?
Barristan Selmy: I did, your Grace. The finest man I ever met.
Daenerys Targaryen: I wish I had known him...but he was not the last dragon.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Locke: You think you're the smartest man there is. Everyone alive has to bow to lick and scrape your boots.
Jaime Lannister: My father...
Locke: You get in any trouble, all you got to do is say "My father" and that's it. All your troubles are gone.  Have you got something to say? You don't want to say the wrong thing. You're nothing without your daddy, and your daddy ain't here. Never forget that. 
[Locke rises, but then stops] 
Locke: Here, this should help you remember! 
[He swings the blade down, cleaving off Jaime's hand, and Jaime screams in horror and agony]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Varys:  Before all this nastiness, I was going to tell you the story of how I was cut. Do you want to hear it still? 
Tyrion Lannister: I don't know. Do I?
Varys: As a boy, in Myr, I traveled with a troupe of actors through the Free Cities. One day, a man approached my master with an offer too tempting to refuse. I feared the man meant to use me, as I'd heard some men use small boys, but what he wanted was far worse. He gave me a potion that made me powerless to move or speak, yet did nothing to dull my senses. With a hooked blade, he sliced me, root and stem, chanting all the while. He burned my parts on a brazier; the flames burned blue, and I heard a voice answer his call. Still dream of that night. Not of the sorcerer, not of his blade...I dream of the voice. Was it a god? A demon? Some conjurer's trick? I don't know, but the sorcerer called and a voice answered. And ever since that day, I have hated magic, and all who practice it. But, you can see why I was eager to aid in your fight against Stannis and his Red Priestess, a symbolic revenge, of sorts. 
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, I feel the need for actual revenge. Against the actual person who tried to have me killed, which will require a certain degree of influence, which...
Varys: You do not possess at the moment. But influence is largely a matter of patience, I find. Once I had served the sorcerer's purpose, he threw me out of his house, to die. I resolved to live, to spite him. I begged, I sold what parts of my body remained to me, I became an excellent thief. And soon, learned that the contents of a man's letters are more valuable than the contents of his purse. Step by step, one distasteful task after another, I made my way from the slums of Myr to the Small Council Chamber. Influence grows, like a weed. I tended mine, patiently, until its tendrils reached from the Red Keep, all the way across to the far side of the world where I managed to wrap them around something very special. 
[He pulls the crate lid open; Tyrion looks inside with him to find a ragged old man, bound and gagged.]
Tyrion Lannister: The sorcerer. 
Varys: Hello, my old friend. It's been a long time. I have no doubt, the revenge you want will be yours in time if you have the stomach for it. 
[He closes the crate on the sorcerer, who is screaming through the gag]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Tywin Lannister: You wanted to speak to me?
Cersei Lannister: Yes, about Jaime.
Tywin Lannister: What about him?
Cersei Lannister: I wanted to make sure we're doing whatever we can to get him back.
Tywin Lannister: When Catelyn Stark took Tyrion prisoner, what did I do in response? 
Cersei Lannister:  You started a war.
Tywin Lannister: And if I would start a war for that lecherous little stump, what do you think I am doing for my eldest son and heir?
Cersei Lannister: Whatever you can.
Tywin Lannister: Whatever I can. 
[He puts a seal on the letter, pushes it aside, and starts working on another letter.] 
Tywin Lannister: You're still here.
Cersei Lannister: Yes.
Tywin Lannister:  Why?
Cersei Lannister: Did it ever occur to you that I might be the one who deserves your confidence and your trust, not your sons? Not Jaime or Tyrion, but me? Years and years of lectures on family and legacy, same lecture, really, just with tiny, tedious variations. Did it ever occur to you that your daughter might be the only one listening to them, living by them? That she might have the most to contribute to your legacy that you love so much more than your actual children? 
[Tywin finishes his letter, and looks over his daughter with his hands folded.]
Tywin Lannister:  All right. Contribute. 
Cersei Lannister: The Tyrells are a problem.
Tywin Lannister: The Tyrells helped us defeat Stannis Baratheon. The Tyrells helped save your life, and your children's lives.
Cersei Lannister: Margaery has her claws into Joffrey. She knows how to manipulate him.
Tywin Lannister: Good. I wish you knew how to manipulate him. I don't distrust you because you're a woman. I distrust you because you're not as smart as you think you are. You've allowed that boy to ride roughshod over you and everyone else in this city. 
Cersei Lannister: Perhaps you should try stopping him from doing what he likes.
Tywin Lannister: I will.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Craster: You have one son, don't you, Mormont? I had my 99th. You ever meet a man with 99 sons? 
[Mormont shakes his head indifferently.] 
Craster: And more daughters than I can count. 
Jeor Mormont: I'm glad for you. 
Craster: Are you now? Me, I'll be glad when you and yours have gone. 
Jeor Mormont: As soon as our wounded are strong enough. 
Craster: Ah. They're as strong as they're gonna get. Them that's dying, why don't you cut their throats and be done with it? Or leave them if you've not the stomach, and I'll sort them myself. 
Karl Tanner: Whose throat you gonna cut, old man? 
Jeor Mormont: Wait outside. 
Karl Tanner: It's cold outside, and there's nothing to eat. 
Craster: My wives gave you bread. 
Karl Tanner: There's sawdust in the bread. 
Craster: You don't like it, you go out there and eat the snow. 
Karl Tanner: I'd rather eat what you've got hidden away. 
Jeor Mormont: I told you to wait outside.
Rast: He's sitting there, drinking our wine, eating his fill while we die! 
Craster: I gave you crows enough. I've got to feed my women! 
Rast: So you admit you've got a hidden larder, then? How else'd you make it through winter? 
Jeor Mormont: Enough! Out! 
Craster: I am a godly man! 
Rast: You're a stingy bastard! 
Craster: Bastard? [Craster takes an axe off the wall] Out with you, you little thief! [To Karl] And you! [To Eddison Tollett] And you! [Craster looks threateningly at everyone] Go sleep in the cold on empty bellies! I'll chop the hands off the next man who calls me bastard!
[There is a tense silence. Mormont starts to push Rast out] 
Karl Tanner: You are a bastard. A daughter-fucking, wildling bastard. 
[Craster charges at Karl, but Karl shoves his dagger through Craster's jaw] 
Jeor Mormont: The gods will curse us for this! By all the laws... 
Karl Tanner: There are no laws beyond the Wall! 
[Karl grabs the woman he struck and puts his dagger at her throat.] 
Karl Tanner: Now show us where he hides the food, or you'll get the same as he did! 
Jeor Mormont: [draws his sword] Unhand her! 
[Karl lets go of the woman and faces Mormont with his dagger] 
Jeor Mormont: I shall have your head for this...! 
[Rast stabs Mormont in the back. A large brawl breaks out, in which Mormint is killed] 
Samwell Tarly: [to Gilly] Quickly. Quickly. 
Gilly: What's happening? I'm not going out there. 
Samwell Tarly: No, we have to go. Now! 
[The baby cries. Gilly picks him. They go outside.] 
Gilly: Follow me. I know the best way. Come on. 
[Rast shouts after Sam.] 
Rast: Run fast, Piggy, and sleep well! I'll be cutting your throat one of these nights!

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Robb Stark: It took five of you to murder two unarmed squires?
Rickard Karstark: Not murder, Your Grace. Vengeance.
Robb Stark: Vengeance? Those boys didn't kill your sons. I saw Harrion die on the battlefield, and Torrhen...
Rickard Karstark: Was strangled by the Kingslayer. They were his kin.
Robb Stark: THEY WERE BOYS! Look at them.
Rickard Karstark: Tell your mother to look at them. She killed them as much as I. 
Robb Stark: My mother had nothing to do with this. This was your treason.
Rickard Karstark: It's treason to free your enemies! In war, you kill your enemies! Did your father not teach you that, boy?!
[Brynden Tully punches Karstark in the face]
Robb Stark: Leave him.
Rickard Karstark: Aye. Leave me to the king. He wants to give me a scolding before he sets me free. That's how he deals with treason. Our King in the North. Or should I call him the King Who Lost the North?
Robb Stark: Escort Lord Karstark to the dungeon. Hang the rest.
Karstark soldier: Mercy, sire! I didn't kill anyone, I only watched for the guards.
Robb Stark: This one was only the watcher. Hang him last so he can watch the others die.
Karstark soldier: Please! Please don't, they made me do it! They made me! They made me...!
[The prisoners are dragged out; Robb sits at his desk, contemplating what to do about Karstark.]
Edmure Tully: Word of this can't leave Riverrun. They were Tywin Lannister's nephews; the Lannisters pay their debts - they never stop talking about that.
Robb Stark: Would you make me a liar as well as a murderer?
Edmure Tully: It wouldn't be lying. We'll bury them and remain silent until the war is done.
Robb Stark:  I'm not fighting for justice if I don't serve justice to murderers in my ranks, no matter how highborn! He has to die.
Catelyn Stark: The Karstarks are Northmen. They won't forgive the killing of their Lord.
Talisa Maegyr: Your mother's right. If you do this, the Karstarks will abandon you.  
Robb Stark: You tended to their wounds, you brought them supper. Now they're dead.
Talisa Maegyr: And more boys will keep dying until this war is over! You need Karstark men to end it!
Catelyn Stark: Spare his life, keep him as a hostage.
Edmure Tully: A hostage. Tell the Karstarks that as long as they remain loyal, he will not be harmed. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Rickard Karstark:  The blood of the First Men flows in my veins as much as yours, boy. I fought the Mad King for your father. I fought Joffrey for you. We are kin, Stark and Karstark.
Robb Stark: That didn't stop you from betraying me, and it won't save you now.
Rickard Karstark: I don't want it to save me. I want it to haunt you to the end of your days!
Robb Stark: Kneel, my Lord. 
[Karstark kneels across a stone hedgerow, and calmly awaits his execution.]
Robb Stark: Rickard Karstark, Lord of Karhold, here in sight of Gods and men, I sentence you to die. Would you speak a final word?
Rickard Karstark: Kill me and be cursed! You are no King of mine! 
[Robb angrily beheads Lord Karstark with a single blow.]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
[Robb surveys his map, which displays the Stark forces nearly encircled by the Greyjoy and Tyrell/Lannister forces.]
Talisa Maegyr: Come to bed.
Robb Stark: You were right. the Karstarks are gone. Almost half our forces. Tywin Lannister knows what he needs to do, to make us unravel. Nothing. Only wait.
Talisa Maegyr: Don't let him.
Robb Stark: What can I do? Attack King's Landing? There's nothing he'd like better. He'd crush us in a day.
Talisa Maegyr: You could ride North, take your lands back from the Greyjoys. Wait out the winter.
Robb Stark: Winter could last five years. Once my bannermen are home again, sitting by the fire, surrounded by their families, warm and safe, they'll never ride south again. When I gathered my Lords together, we had a purpose, a mission.  Now, we're like a band of bickering children! 
Talisa Maegyr: Give them a new purpose.
Robb Stark: What?
Talisa Maegyr: I don't know.
 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Jaime Lannister: If I faint, pull me out. I don't intend to be the first Lannister to die in a bathtub.
Brienne of Tarth: Why should I care how you die?
Jaime Lannister: You swore a solemn vow, remember? You're supposed to get me to King's Landing in one piece. [Nods to his severed hand] Not going so well, is it? No wonder Renly died with you guarding him. [Brienne stands up with contempt] That was unworthy. Forgive me. You protected me better than most.
Brienne of Tarth: Don't you mock me.
Jaime Lannister: I'm apologizing. I'm sick of fighting. Let's call a truce.
Brienne of Tarth: You need trust to have a truce.
Jaime Lannister: I trust you. [Brienne sits back down] There it is. There's the look. I've seen it for 17 years on face after face. You all despise me. Kingslayer, Oathbreaker, man without honor. You've heard of wildfire?
Brienne of Tarth: Of course.
Jaime Lannister: The Mad King was obsessed with it. He loved to watch people burn, the way their skin blackened and blistered and melted off their bones. He burned lords he didn't like. He burned Hands who disobeyed him. He burned anyone who was against him. Before long, half the country was against him. Aerys saw traitors everywhere. So he had his pyromancer place caches of wildfire all over the city. Beneath the Sept of Baelor and the slums of Flea Bottom. Under houses, stables, taverns. Even beneath the Red Keep itself. Finally, the day of reckoning came. Robert Baratheon marched on the capital after his victory at the Trident. But my father arrived first with the whole Lannister army at his back, promising to defend the city against the rebels. I knew my father better than that. He's never been one to pick the losing side. I told the Mad King as much. I urged him to surrender peacefully. But the king didn't listen to me. He didn't listen to Varys who tried to warn him. But he did listen to Grand Maester Pycelle, that grey, sunken cunt. "You can trust the Lannisters," he said. "The Lannisters have always been true friends of the crown." So we opened the gates and my father sacked the city. Once again, I came to the king, begging him to surrender. He told me to... bring him my father's head. Then he... turned to his pyromancer. "Burn them all," he said. "Burn them in their homes. Burn them in their beds." Tell me, if your precious Renly commanded you to kill your own father and stand by while thousands of men, women, and children burned alive, would you have done it? Would you have kept your oath then? [Brienne stares at him in stunned silence.] First, I killed the pyromancer. And then when the king turned to flee, I drove my sword into his back. "Burn them all," he kept saying. "Burn them all." I don't think he expected to die. He, he meant to... burn with the rest of us and rise again, reborn as a dragon to turn his enemies to ash. I slit his throat to make sure that didn't happen. That's where Ned Stark found me.
Brienne of Tarth: If this is true... why didn't you tell anyone? Why didn't you tell Lord Stark?
Jaime Lannister: Stark? You think the honorable Ned Stark wanted to hear my side? He judged me guilty the moment he set eyes on me. By what right does the wolf judge the lion? By what right-- [collapses, Brienne supports him]
Brienne of Tarth: Help! Help! The Kingslayer!
Jaime Lannister: Jaime. My name is Jaime.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Tywin Lannister: You're late.
Tyrion Lannister: What's she doing here?
Tywin Lannister: Our business concerns her as well. Sit. 
Tyrion Lannister: You'll be pleased to learn that after one conversation with Olenna Tyrell, I've saved the Crown hundreds of thousands on this wedding.
Tywin Lannister: Never mind that now. We have something important to discuss.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm Master of Coin, saving money is important. [To Cersei, who is smiling at him.] Stop that. You're making me uncomfortable.  
Tywin Lannister: Your sister has learned that your new friends the Tyrells are plotting to marry Sansa Stark to Sir Loras.
Tyrion Lannister: Very well. She's a lovely girl. Missing some of Loras's favorite bits, but I'm sure they'll make do.
Tywin Lannister: Your jokes are not appreciated.
Tyrion Lannister: It wasn't my best, but..
Tywin Lannister: I bring them into the royal fold and this is how they repay me, by trying to steal the key to the North out from under me.
Tyrion Lannister: Sansa is the key to the North? I seem to remember she has an older brother.
Tywin Lannister: The Karstarks have marched home. The Young Wolf has lost half his army. His days are numbered. Theon Greyjoy murdered both his brothers. That makes Sansa Stark the heir to Winterfell. And I am not about to hand her over to the Tyrells.
Tyrion Lannister: The Tyrell army is helping us to win this war. Do you really think it's wise to refuse them?
Tywin Lannister: There's nothing to refuse. This is a plot. Plots are not public knowledge. And the Tyrells won't carry this one out until after Joffrey's wedding. We need to act first and kill this union in its crib.
Tyrion Lannister: And how do we do that?
Tywin Lannister: We find Sansa Stark a different husband.
Tyrion Lannister: Wonderful.
Cersei Lanniser: Yes, it is.
[Tyion stares at his sister and then turns to his father, who nods.]
Tyrion Lannister: You can't mean it.
Tywin Lannister: I can and I do.
Tyrion Lannister: Joffrey has made this poor girl's life miserable since the day he took her father's head. Now she's finally free of him and you give her to me? That's cruel, even for you.
Tywin Lannister: Do you intend on mistreating her? The girl's happiness is not my concern, nor should it be yours.
Tyrion Lannister: She's a child!
Cersei Lannister: She's flowered, I assure you. She and I have discussed it at length.
Tywin Lannister: There, you see? You will wed her, bed her, and put a child in her. Surely you're capable of that.
Tyrion Lannister: And if I refuse?
Tywin Lannister: You wanted to be rewarded for your valor in battle. Sansa Stark is a finer reward than you could ever dare hope for. And it is past time you were wed.
Tyrion Lannister: I was wed! Or don't you remember?
Tywin Lannister: [Through clenched teeth] ...only too well.
Cersei Lannister: You should be thanking the gods for this. This is more than you deserve.
Tywin Lannister: Tyrion will do as he's bid. As will you.
Cersei Lannister: What do you mean? 
Tywin Lannister: You'll marry Ser Loras.
Cersee Lannister: I will not.
Tywin Lannister: The boy is heir to Highgarden. Tyrion will secure the North, you will secure the Reach.
Cersei Lannnister: No, I won't do it.
Tywin Lannister: Yes, you will. You're still fertile. You need to marry again and breed.
Cersei Lannister: I am Queen Regent, not some broodmare!
Tywin Lannister: YOU'RE MY DAUGHTER! You will do as I command and you will marry Loras Tyrell and put an end to the disgusting rumors about you once and for all.
Cersei Lannnister: Father, don't make me do it again, please.
Tywin Lannister: Not another word. My children. You've disgraced the Lannister name for far too long.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Roose Bolton: [as Brienne and Jaime dine with him] I see my men have finally found you something appropriate to wear.
Brienne of Tarth: Yes, most kind of the. You're a Stark bannerman, Lord Bolton. I'm acting on Lady Stark's orders to return Jaime Lannister to King's Landing.
Roose Bolton: When King Robb left Harrenhall, his mother was his prisoner. If she wasn't his mother, he'd have hanged her for treason. I should send you back to Robb Stark.
Jaime Lannister: You should. But instead, you're sitting here, watching me fail at dinner. Why might that be?
Roose Bolton: Wars cost money. Many people would pay a great deal for you.
Jaime Lannister: We both know who would pay the most. He'll make you pay the most, if he found out you'd captured me and sent me back up North for a summary execution.
Roose Bolton: You're right. Perhaps, the safest course is to kill you both and burn your bodies. 
Jaime Lannister: It would be, if you honestly believe my father would never find out about it.
Roose Bolton: King Robb is keeping your father quite busy. He doesn't have time for anything else.
Jaime Lannister: He'll make time for you.
Roose Bolton: As soon as you're well enough to travel, I will allow you to go to King's Landing as restitution for the mistakes my soldiers made. And you will swear to tell your father the truth. That I had nothing to do with your maiming.
Jaime Lannister: Shall we drink on it?
Roose Bolton: I don't partake.
Jaime Lannister: You do understand how suspicious that is to ordinary people? Very well. My lady, may our journey continue without further incident.
Roose Bolton: Oh, she won't be going with you. 
Brienne of Tarth: I am charged with bringing Ser Jaime to-
Roose Bolton: You are charged with abetting treason.
Jaime Lannister: I'm afraid I must insist...
Roose Bolton: You're in no place to insist on anything. I would've hoped you'd learned your lesson about overplaying your...position.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Olenna Tyrell: [about the prospect of Loras marrying Cersei] Impossible
Tywin Lannister: Why? 
Olenna Tyrell: My grandson is the pride of Highgarden, the most desirable bachelor in the whole Seven Kingdoms! Your daughter...
Tywin Lannister: Is rich, the most beautiful woman in the whole Seven Kingdoms, and the mother of the king. 
Olenna Tyrell: Old.
Tywin Lannister: Old?
Olenna Tyrell: Old. I'm something of an expert on the subject. Her change will be upon her before long. I'll spare you the details of what will happen then. You men may have a stomach for bloodshed and slaughter, but this is another matter entirely. 
Tywin Lannister: Oh, the years punish us as well, I promise you that. My stomach remains quite strong, however. The only thing that might turn it are details of your grandson's... nocturnal activities. Do you deny them?
Olenna Tyrell: Oh, not at all!  A sword-swallower, through and through. 
Tywin Lannister: Well, a boy with his affliction should be grateful for the opportunity to marry the most beautiful woman in the Seven Kingdoms, and remove the stain from his name. 
Olenna Tyrell: Did you grow up with boy cousins, Lord Tywin? Sons of your father's bannermen, squires, stableboys?
Tywin Lannister: Of course...
Olenna Tyrell:  And you... never...
Tywin Lannister: No.
Olenna Tyrell: Not once?  Not in any way?
Tywin Lannister: Never.
Olenna Tyrell:  I congratulate you on your restraint! But, it's a natural enough thing, two boys having a go at each other beneath the sheets.
Tywin Lannister: Perhaps Highgarden has a high tolerance for unnatural behavior.
Olenna Tyrell: I wouldn't say that. True, we don't tie ourselves into knots over a discreet bit of buggery, but... brothers and sisters... where I come from, that stain would be very difficult to wash out.
Tywin Lannister: I will not breathe further life into a malicious lie by discussing it.
Olenna Tyrell: Lie or not, you must admit that many people find it quite convincing. Convincing enough to put swords in their hands and send them off to kill Lannisters and Tyrells, thanks to our new affiliation.
Tywin Lannister: I don't care what people believe, and neither do you. 
Olenna Tyrell: As an authority on myself, I must disagree!
Tywin Lannister: Now, if the rumors about my children were true, then Joffrey is no King at all and House Tyrell is throwing it's prize flower into the dirt.
Olenna Tyrell: And if Cersei is too old to give Loras children, we are throwing another "prize flower" into the dirt. It is a chance we simply cannot take!
Tywin Lannister: The uncertainty makes you uncomfortable? All right, I'll remove it for you. If you refuse to marry Loras to Cersei, I will name him to the Kingsguard. And, I'm sure you're familiar with the Kingsguard's vows. He will never marry, he will never have children, the Tyrell name will fade and Highgarden will go to the children of Joffrey and Margaery.  
Olenna Tyrell: You would have your grandson protected by someone who disgusts you?
Tywin Lannister: I would have my grandson protected by a skilled warrior who takes his vows seriously. So shall I draw up the order or do you consent to this match?
Olenna Tyrell: It's a rare enough thing- a man who lives up to his reputation. [plucks the quill from Tywin's fingers and snaps it in half]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Jon Snow: [about The Wall] Have you ever climbed it before?
Ygritte: No, but Tormund's done it half a hundred times. You're afraid.
Jon Snow: Aren't you?
Ygritte: Aye. Well, it's a long way up, and a long way down, but... I've waited my whole life to see the world from up there. [she pulls out a set of climbing spikes]  Here, sit down, brought a pair for you. They're too big for you, but they're good.
Jon Snow: You kill someone for them?
Ygritte: Nah. I didn't kill him, but I bet his balls are still bruised. He wasn't good to me, the way you're good to me. And he didn't do that thing you do with your tongue.
Jon Snow: Hey, can we not talk about that here?
Ygritte: "Can we not talk about that here? I'm Jon Snow. I've killed dead men and Qhorin Halfhand, but I'm scared of naked girls!"
Jon Snow: Did I seem scared the other day?
Ygritte: [laughs] Oh, you were tremblin' like a leaf.
Jon Snow:  Only in the beginning. 
Ygritte: Only in the beginning. You're a proper lover, Jon Snow. And, don't worry, your secret's safe with me.
Jon Snow: What secret?
Ygritte: D'you think I'm as dumb as all those girls in silk dresses you knew growing up? You're loyal, and you're brave...You didn't stop being a Crow, the day you walked into Mance Rayder's tent. But I'm your woman now, Jon Snow. You're goin' to be loyal to your woman. The Night's Watch don't care if you live or die. Mance Rayder don't care if I live or die. We're just soldiers in their armies, and there's plenty more to carry on if we go down. But it's you and me that matters. Me and you. Don't ever betray me.
Jon Snow: I won't.
Ygritte: Because, I'll cut your pretty cock right off and wear it 'round me neck. 
Tormund Giantsbane: [walks up] Sink your metal deep and make sure it holds, before taking your next step. And, if you fall, don't scream. You don't want that to be the last thing she remembers, eh?

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
[Ramsay blows on a trumpet, awakening Theon, who is hanging from a rack]
Ramsay Snow: Sorry.  Were you sleeping?
Theon Greyjoy: Wa...
Ramsay Snow: Wa? Wa? Water! You want some water. [Ramsay grabs a cup of water] I wish I had some for you. [Ramsay pours the water on the ground in front of an anguished Theon.] So let's play a game. Which body part do you need the least?
Theon Greyjoy: Please...
Ramsay Snow: Please is not a body part.
Theon Greyjoy: I'll tell you everything, please...
Ramsay Snow: But you already told me everything, remember? Your daddy was mean to you. The Starks didn't appreciate you. One good bit, though: the Stark boys, they're still alive. Wouldn't that be a hunt to remember? You failed, but I'm a better hunter than you. Now, how about your little finger? You don't need that for much, do you? No? Good. Let's start with that. You've been wondering why you're here, haven't you? Where you are, who I am, why I'm doing this to you. So guess. If you guess right, I'll tell you. By the Old Gods and the New, I swear it. You win the game if you can figure out who I am and why I'm torturing you, and I win the game if you beg me to cut off your finger!
Theon Greyjoy: If I win, you'll let me go?
Ramsay Snow: If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention.
Theon Greyjoy: Please...
Ramsay Snow: [pulling out a knife] You say please again and you'll wish you hadn't. You first. Where are we?
Theon Greyjoy: The North.
Ramsay Snow: Too vague.
Theon Greyjoy: Deepwood Motte.
Ramsay Snow: Terrible guess!
[Ramsay jams the knife in Theon's little finger. Theon groans in pain]
Ramsay Snow: Now where?
Theon Greyjoy: Last Hearth.
Ramsay Snow: Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?
[Ramsay moves the blade around]
Theon Greyjoy: Aaaah, the Karhold!
Ramsay Snow: Karhold? How did you know that? Did you see any banners flying when we came in?
Theon Greyjoy: No, it was just a guess.
Ramsay Snow: Very good, Lord Theon. And who am I?
Theon Greyjoy: Torrhen Karstark.
Ramsay Snow: He's dead. Strangled by the Kingslayer.
Theon Greyjoy: He was your brother. Your father is Lord Rickard Karstark. [A defeated Ramsay sits back down] You swore to tell me if I-!
Ramsay Snow: You're right.
Theon Greyjoy: Lord Rickard Karstark is Robb Stark's bannerman. I betrayed Robb. That's why you're torturing me.
Ramsay Snow: Yes. You win. [pause] Of course you forgot to ask one question.  You forgot to ask if I'm a liar! [he sticks his knife back into Theon's little finger, causing Theon to scream in agony] I'm afraid I am. [hebegins carving Theon's skin on his little finger] Everything I told you is a lie. [he begins to peel off Theon's little finger skin. Theon screams in absolute pain] This isn't happening to you for a reason.  Well, one reason: I enjoy it.
Theon Greyjoy: PLEASE CUT IT OFF, CUT IT OFF, CUT IT OFF, AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!
Ramsay Snow: I win.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Varys: [about the Iron Throne] A thousand blades. Taken from the hands of Aegon's fallen enemies, forged in the fiery breath of Balerion the Dread.
Petyr Baelish: There aren't a thousand blades. There aren't even two hundred. I've counted.
Varys: Heh. I'm sure you have. Ugly old thing.
Petyr Baelish: Yet it has a certain... appeal.
Varys: The Lysa Arryn of chairs. Shame that you had to settle for your second choice.
Petyr Baelish: Early days, my friend. It is flattering, really, you feeling such dread at the prospect of me getting what I want.
Varys: Thwarting you has never been my primary ambition, I promise you... although who doesn't like to see their friends fail now and then.
Petyr Baelish: You're so right. For instance, when I thwarted your plan to give Sansa Stark to the Tyrells... if, I'm going to be honest, I did feel an unmistakable sense of... enjoyment there. But your confidante, the one who fed you information about my plans, the one you swore to protect, you didn't bring her any enjoyment. And she didn't bring me any enjoyment. She was a bad investment on my part. Luckily, I have a friend who wanted to try something new. Something daring. And he was so grateful to me for providing this fresh experience.
Varys: I did what I did for the good of the realm.
Petyr Baelish: The realm. Do you know what the realm is? It's the thousand blades of Aegon's enemies, a story we agreed to tell each other over and over 'till we forget that it's a lie.
Varys: But what do we have left once we abandon the lie? Chaos. A gaping pit waiting to swallow us all.
Petyr Baelish: Chaos... isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. Many who try to climb it fail and never get to try again. The fall breaks them. And some, who are given the chance to climb, they refuse. They cling to the realm. Or the gods. Or love. Illusions. Only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Ygritte: How far are we?
Jon Snow: 'Bout a week, I think.
Ygritte: You think? You don't know?
Jon Snow: When we went to Castle Black, we took the Kingsroad.
Ygritte: You and your roads. Is that how you lot do your fighting? You march down a road, banging drums and waving banners?
Jon Snow: Most of the time, yes.
Ygritte: How do the men holding the banners fight?
Jon Snow: They don't, really. It's a great honor to carry a house sigil.
Ygritte: And the drummers? Is that a great honor too?
Jon Snow: Usually, it's the young boys bangin' the drums.
Ygritte: What good are they?
Jon Snow: They help the men march.
Ygritte: How?
Jon Snow: Well, it's, it's the rhythm.
Ygritte: [laughing] What, you mean, right foot, left foot, right foot, left foot, right foot? What, you need help remembering that? When Mance gives the signal and we hit Castle Black, we won't be banging on drums to let 'em know we're coming. 
Jon Snow: No. No, you're just gonna light the biggest fire the North has ever seen, to let them know you're coming.
Ygritte: You know nothing, Jon Snow.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Missandei: Now comes the noble Razdal mo Eraz of that ancient and honorable house, master of men and speaker to savages, to offer terms of peace. Noble lord, you are in the presence of Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains, and Mother of Dragons.
Daenerys Targaryen: You may approach. Sit.
Missandei: Will the noble lord take refreshment? [Razdahl nods and takes an offered cup of wine]
Razdal: Ancient and glorious is Yunkai. Our empire was old before dragons stirred in old Valyria. Many an army has broken against our walls. You shall find no easy conquest here, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: Good. My Unsullied need practice. I was told to blood them early.
Razdal: If blood is your desire, blood shall flow. But why? 'Tis true you have committed savageries in Astapor. But the Yunkai are a forgiving and generous people. The Wise Masters of Yunkai have sent a gift for the silver queen. [slaves bring in two chests of gold] There is far more than this awaiting you on the deck of your ship.
Daenerys Targaryen: My ship?
Razdal: Yes, khaleesi. As I said, we are a generous people. You shall have as many ships as you require.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what do you ask in return?
Razdal: All we ask is that you make use of these ships. Sail them back to Westeros where you belong and leave us to conduct our affairs in peace.
Daenerys Targaryen: I have a gift for you as well. Your life.
Razdal: My life?
Daenerys Targaryen: And the lives of your Wise Masters. But I also want something in return. You will release every slave in Yunkai. Every man, woman, and child shall be given as much food, clothing, and property as they can carry as payment for their years of servitude. Reject this gift, and I shall show you no mercy.
Razdal: You are mad. We are not Astapor or Qarth. We are Yunkai and we have powerful friends. Friends who would take great pleasure in destroying you. Those who survive, we shall enslave once more. Perhaps we'll make a slave of you as well. [One of Daenerys' dragons screeches] You swore me safe conduct.
Daenerys Targaryen: I did, but my dragons made no promises. And you threatened their mother.
Razdal: [to his slaves] Take the gold.
[Daenerys' dragons screech and the slaves back away]
Daenerys Targaryen: My gold. You gave it to me, remember? And I shall put it to good use. You'd be wise to do the same with my gift to you. Now get out. [Razdal leaves]
Barristan Selmy: The Yunkish are a proud people. They will not bend.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what happens to things that don't bend?
<hr width="50%" />
Osha: [about Jojen] What's he goin' on about? And how come he always gets to sit and chat, while we do all the work?
Hodor: Hodor. 
Jojen Reed: That's where we are...
Osha: What are you tellin' him?
Bran Stark: It's all right, Osha.
Osha: It's not all right. You think I can't hear you every day? Filling his head with black magic? Talking about visions and three-eyed ravens and worse?
Meera Reed: Leave him alone.
Osha: He can speak for himself. 
Jojen Reed: I don't fill his head with anything.
Osha: So what d'you talk about?
Jojen Reed: What's happening to him, and...what that means.
Osha: Go on, then. Tell us what it means.
Jojen Reed: It's not like that. I wish that I could tell him all the answers; it would be much easier.
Osha: I don't want you talking to him anymore, until we get to your brother at Castle Black. 
Jojen Reed: We're not going to Castle Black.
Osha: What did you say?
Jojen Reed: I told you already. Jon Snow isn't there. Bran needs to find the Raven, beyond the Wall.
Osha: Oh, no. I'm not going back there! Your brother is at Castle Black. That's where we're going! Look at me. 
Bran Stark: The raven's been coming to me, ever since I fell from that tower. He wants me to find him. I don't have my legs anymore! This is what I have, now.
Osha: You have a family. You need to go back to Castle Black, so you can get back to them, where you belong.
Bran Stark: What if I belong in the North?  What if...I fell from that tower for a reason?
Osha: [glares at Jojen] Is that what he's telling you? That it's all for a reason? All these bad things happened, because the Gods got big plans for you? I wish it were true, little Lord, but the Gods wouldn't spare a raven's cold shit for you, or me, or anyone.
Bran Stark: You don't understand. You don't know.
Osha: You don't know! None of you know. None of you have been up there! I had a man, once; a good man. Bruni, his name was. I was his, and he was mine. But one night, Bruni disappears. People said he left me, but I knew him. He'd never leave me. Not for long. I knew he'd come back. And he did. He came in through the back of the hut. Only, he wasn't Bruni, not really. His skin was... pale, like a dead man's. His eyes, bluer than clear sky. He came at me, grabbed me by the neck, and squeezed so hard I could feel the life slipping out of me. I don't know how I got the knife, but when I did, I stuck it deep into his heart. And he hardly seemed to notice. I had to burn our hut down, with him inside. I didn't ask the Gods what it meant. I didn't need to. It meant the North was no place for men to be, not anymore. I promised your Maester I'd get you to Castle Black, and no further.
  

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Tywin Lannister: Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: Grandfather.
Tywin Lannister: You wanted to speak to me?
Joffrey Baratheon: Yes! I'd like a report on the meetings of my Small Council.
Tywin Lannister: You're welcome to attend the meetings of your Small Council, Your Grace, any or all of them.
Joffrey Baratheon: I've been very busy, many important matters require a King's attention!
Tywin Lannister: Of course.  
Joffrey Baratheon: You've been holding the Small Council meetings in the Tower of the Hand, instead of the Small Council Chamber.
Tywin Lannister: I have, yes.
Joffrey Baratheon: May I ask why?
Tywin Lannister: The Tower of the Hand is where I work. To walk from there to here would take time - time I could otherwise spend productively.
Joffrey Baratheon: So, if I wanted to attend one of my Small Council meetings, I would now have to climb all the stairs in the Tower of the Hand? [Tywin slowly walks up to the Iron Throne, unsettling Joffrey] 
Tywin Lannister: ...We could arrange to have you carried. 
Joffrey Baratheon: Tell me about the Targaryen girl in the East, and her dragons.
Tywin Lannister: Where did you hear about this?
Joffrey Baratheon: Is it true?
Tywin Lannister: Apparently so.
Joffrey Baratheon: Don't you think we ought to do something about it?
Tywin Lannister: When I was Hand of the King under your father's predecessor, the skulls of all the Targaryen dragons were kept in this room - and the skull of the last of them was right here. It was the size of an apple.
Joffrey Baratheon: And the biggest was the size of a carriage.
Tywin Lannister: Yes, and the creature to whom it belonged died three hundred years ago! Curiosities on the far side of the world are no threat to us.
Joffrey Baratheon: But how do we know these dragons are...curiosities, and not the beasts that brought the whole world to heel?
Tywin Lannister: Because we have been told as much by the many experts who serve the Realm by counseling the King on matters about which he knows nothing.
Joffrey Baratheon: But I haven't been counseled!
Tywin Lannister: You are being counseled at this very moment.
Joffrey Baratheon: I should be consulted about such things.
Tywin Lannister: From now on, I will see to it that you are appropriately consulted on important matters...whenever necessary. [starts to walk away, then turns back and bows his head] Your Grace.
 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Locke: [watching Brienne in a gladiator pit, facing a bear]  Well, this is one shameful fucking performance. Stop running and fight! [Jaime appears, followed by Qyburn and a Bolton bodyguard, Steelshanks]
Jaime Lannister: A wooden sword? 
Locke: Thought you'd gone.
Jaime Lannister: You gave her a wooden sword! 
Locke: I've only got one bear.
Jaime Lannister: I'll pay her bloody ransom. Gold, sapphires, whatever you want. Just get her out of there!
Locke: All you Lords and Ladies. You still think that the only thing that matters is gold. [grabs the stump of Jaime's wrist] Well, this makes me happier than all your gold ever could. And that [points at Brienne's predicament] makes me happier than all her sapphires. So go buy yourself a golden hand and fuck yourself with it! 
[Jaime climbs the rail and leaps into the pit, trying to draw the bear off Brienne]
Jaime Lannister: Get behind me.
Brienne of Tarth: I will not.
[Suddenly, a crossbow bolt hits the bear in the shoulder, fired by Steelshanks]
Locke: The'FUCK you doin' to my bear?
Steelshanks: Lord Bolton charged me with bringin' him back to King's Landing, alive! An' that's what I intend to do! 
Jaime Lannister: Pull her up! [two of the Bolton men do so; the bear starts to advance on Jaime] 
Brienne of Tarth: Hold my legs! [Jaime manages to take Brienne's hand] Pull me back! [the Bolton bannermen pull them both up] 
Locke: The bitch stays. 
Jaime Lannister: I'm taking her to King's Landing, unless you kill me. 
Locke:  She belongs to me. Lord Bolton's orders.
Jaime Lannister: What do you think is more important to Lord Bolton? Getting his pet rat a reward or ensuring that Tywin Lannister gets his son back alive? Well, we must be on our way. Sorry about the sapphires.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Barristan Selmy: Your Grace, allow me to present the Captains of the Second Sons: Mero of Braavos, Prendahl Na Ghezn, and...
Daario Naharis: Daario Naharis.
Mero: You're the mother of Dragons? I swear I fucked you once, in a pleasure house in Lys.
Jorah Mormont: Mind your tongue.
Mero: Why? I didn't mind hers. She licked my ass like she was born to do it. [grins at her, then gestures to Missandei] You, slave girl. Bring wine.
Daenerys Targaryen: We have no slaves here.
Mero: You'll all be slaves after the battle, unless I save you. Take your clothes off, and come and sit on Mero's lap, and I may give you my Second Sons.
Daenerys Targaryen: Give me your Second Sons, and I may not have you gelded. Ser Barristan, how many men fight for the Second Sons?
Barristan Selmy: Under two thousand, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: We have more, don't we?
Barristan Selmy: Ten thousand Unsullied.
Daenerys Targaryen: I'm only a young girl, new to the ways of war, but perhaps a seasoned Captain like yourself can explain to me how you propose to defeat us?
Daario Naharis: I hope the old man is better with a sword than he is with a lie. You have eight thousand Unsullied. 
Daenerys Targaryen: You're very young, to be a Captain.
Prendahl Na Ghezn: He isn't a Captain; he's a lieutenant.
Daenerys Targaryen: Even if your numbers are right, you must admit the odds don't favor your side.
Mero: The Second Sons have faced worse odds and won.
Jorah Mormont: The Second Sons have faced worse odds and run. 
Daenerys Targaryen: Or, you could fight for me.  
Mero: We've taken the slavers' gold. We fight for Yunkai.
Daenerys Targaryen: I would pay you as much, and more. 
Prendahl Na Ghezn: Our contract is our bond. If we break our bond, no one will hire the Second Sons again.
Daenerys Targaryen: Ride with me, and you'll never need another contract. You'll have gold and castles and lordships of your choosing, when I take back the Seven Kingdoms.
Daario Naharis: You have no ships, you have no siege weapons. You have no cavalry.
Daenerys Targaryen: A fortnight ago, I had no army. A year ago, I had no dragons. You have two days to decide.
Merot: Show me your cunt. I want to see if it's worth fighting for. 
Grey Worm: [in Valyrian] My Queen, shall I slice out his tongue for you? 
Daenerys Targaryen: [smiles, replies in Valyrian] These men are our guests. [to Mero] You seem to be enjoying my wine. Perhaps you'd like a flagon to help you think it over?
Mero: Only a flagon? And what are my brothers-in-arms to drink?
Daenerys Targaryen: A barrel, then?
Mero: Good! The Titan's Bastard does not drink alone. In the Second Sons, we share everything. Maybe after the battle, we'll all share you. I'll come looking for you after this is over. 
Daenerys Targaryen: Ser Barristan, if it comes to battle, kill that one first.
Barristan Selmy: Gladly, Your Grace.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Joffrey Baratheon: Congratulations, my lady.
Sansa Stark: Thank you, your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: We've done it. You've married a Lannister! Soon you will have a Lannister baby. It's a dream come true for you, isn't it? What a glorious day!
Sansa Stark: Yes, your grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: I suppose it doesn't really matter which Lannister puts the baby into you. Maybe I'll pay you a visit after my uncle passes out. How'd you like that? [Sansa doesn't answer] You wouldn't? Well, that's all right. Ser Meryn and Ser Boris will hold you down. [to the crowd] Time for the bedding ceremony! 
Tyrion Lannister: There will be no bedding ceremony. 
Joffrey Baratheon: Where's your respect for tradition, uncle? Come, everyone! Pick her up, and carry her to her wedding bed. Get rid of her gown, she won't be needing it any longer. Ladies! Attend to my uncle, he's not heavy!
Tyrion Lannister: There will be no bedding ceremony.
Joffrey Baratheon: There will be if I command it! 
[Tyrion angrily slams his dagger into the table] 
Tyrion Lannister: Then you'll be fucking your own bride with a wooden cock! 
Joffrey Baratheon: What did you say? What...did you...SAY?!
Tywin Lannister: I believe we can dispense with the bedding ceremony, Your Grace. I'm sure Tyrion did not mean to threaten the king.
Tyrion Lannister: [laughs] A bad joke, Your Grace. Made out of envy of your own royal manhood. Mine is so small, my poor wife won't even know I'm there.
Tywin Lannister: Your uncle is clearly quite drunk, Your Grace.
Tyrion Lannister: I am...guilty. But... But, it is my wedding night. My tiny drunk cock and I have a job to do. Come, wife. I vomited on a girl once. Middle of the act. Not proud of it. But I think honesty is important between a man and wife. Don't you agree? Come, I'll tell you all about it, put you in the mood.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Sansa Stark: Is that wise, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister:  Tyrion, Sansa. My name is Tyrion. [pours himself a cup of wine]
Sansa Stark: Is that wise, Tyrion?
Tyrion Lannister: Nothing was ever wiser. Astoundingly long...
Sansa Stark: What?
Tyrion Lannister: Neck. You have one. How old are you, exactly?
Sansa Stark:  Fourteen. 
Tyrion Lannister: Well, talk won't make you any older. My lord father has commanded me to consummate this marriage.
[Sansa pours herself a cup of wine and hastily drinks it; she begins undressing]
Tyrion Lannister: [shakes his head] Stop. I can't... I could, but I won't. 
Sansa Stark:  But, your father...
Tyrion Lannister: If my father wants someone to get fucked, I know where he can start. I won't share your bed.  Not until you want me to.
Sansa Stark: What if I never want you to?
Tyrion Lannister: "And so my Watch begins." 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Davos Seaworth: [in a cell] Your Grace! 
Stannis Baratheon: They feeding you enough?
Davos Seaworth: Two meals a day: cold for breakfast, hot for supper. I cannot complain.
Stannis Baratheon: You don't belong in a place like this.
Davos Seaworth: Well, sad to say, but I've seen worse. 
Stannis Baratheon: I'm sorry about your son. I never got the chance to tell you before. Good lad, loyal lad. Melisandre's returned.
Davos Seaworth: I didn't know she'd been gone.
Stannis Baratheon: Came back with a bastard boy, Robert's bastard boy.
Davos Seaworth: Why?
Stannis Baratheon: She says "power in king's blood."
Davos Seaworth: She's going to kill him.
Stannis Baratheon: Sacrifice him.
Davos Seaworth: Forgive me, Your Grace, I'm not a learned man, but is there a difference between kill and sacrifice? The boy's your nephew.
Stannis Baratheon: What of it? We're at war. Why should I spare the son of some tavern slut Robert bedded one drunken night?
Davos Seaworth: Because he has your blood in his veins. 
Stannis Baratheon: So did Renly.
Davos Seaworth: Renly wronged you. Renly declared himself king when the throne belonged to you. He raised an army, stole your bannermen. This boy's done you no harm. He's an innocent.
Stannis Baratheon: How many boys live in Westeros? How many girls? How many men? How many women? "The darkness will devour them all", she says, "the night that never ends." Unless I triumph. I never asked for this - no more than I asked to be King. We do not choose our destiny, but we must do our duty, no? Great or small, we must do our duty. What's one bastard boy against a kingdom?
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, why did you come to see me, today?
Stannis Baratheon: I came to free you. If you swear to never raise your hand to the Lady Melisandre again.
Davos Seaworth: I swear it. I can't swear never to speak against her.
Stannis Baratheon: You have little regard for your own life. 
Davos Seaworth: Quite little, Your Grace. Verging on none. You could've freed me yesterday, or tomorrow... but you came to me now, before this boy is put to the knife, because... you knew I'd counsel restraint. You came to hear me say it, because you believe it yourself. You're not a man who slaughters innocents, for gain or glory. When my son was five, he said to me, "I don't ever want to die." I wanted to say to him, "You won't child- you won't ever." I hated the idea of him lying awake in the dark, afraid. I think mothers and fathers made up the Gods... because they wanted their children to sleep through the night.  
Stannis Baratheon: I saw a vision in the flames. A great battle in the snow... I saw it. And you saw whatever she gave birth to. I never believed, but when you see the truth, when it's right there in front of you, as real as these iron bars... how can you deny her God is real?

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Margaery Tyrell: You look radiant, your Grace.
Cersei Lannister: Radiant? Why radiant?
Margaery Tyrell: It's word that came to mind. We're going to be sisters soon, we should be friends.
Cersei Lannister: You're a musical girl, aren't you? I imagine you have a lovely voice.
Margaery Tyrell: A better dancer, than a singer, I'm afraid.
Cersei Lannister: Ah, but you know the song, the Rains of Castamere?
Margaery Tyrell: Of course. They play it so often here at court. 
Cersei Lannister: So you know the story of House Reyne of Castamere? 
Margaery Tyrell: Not as well as you, I'm sure.
Cersei Lannister: House Reyne was a powerful family. Very wealthy. Second wealthiest in Westeros. Aren't the Tyrells the second wealthiest family in Westeros now? Of course, ambitious climbers don't want to stop on the second highest rung. If only you could take that final step. You'd see further than all the rest. You'd be alone with nothing but blue sky above you. So Lord Reyne built a castle, as grand as Casterly Rock. He gave his wife diamonds, larger than any my mother ever wore. And finally, one day, he rebelled against my father. Do you know where House Reyne is now?
Margaery Tyrell: Gone?
Cersei Lannister: Gone? A gentle word. Why not say slaughtered? Every man, woman and child, put to the sword. I remember seeing their bodies hanging high above the gates of Casterly Rock. My father let them rot up there all summer. It was a long summer. [Quoting "Rains of Castamere] And now the rains weep o'er their halls, and not a soul to hear." If you ever call me "sister" again, I'll have you strangled in your sleep.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Walder Frey: My honored guests, be welcome within my walls and at my table. I extend to you my hospitality and my protection in the light of the Seven. 
Robb Stark: Thank you for your hospitality, my lord. I've come to make my apologies, my lord, and to beg your forgiveness.
Walder Frey: Don't beg my forgiveness, your grace. It wasn't me you spurned, it was my girls. One of them was supposed to be queen. Now none of them are. This is Arwaya, my daughter, my daughter Walda, my daughter Derwa, my daughter Waldra. My eldest granddaughters Janeya and Neyela. Serra and Sarra, granddaughters, twins. You could have had either. You could have both for all I care. My granddaughter Marianne, my granddaughter Freya, my granddaughter...Wertha? Walra? Waldina?
Merry Frey: I'm Merry.
Walder Frey: Fine. And here's my youngest daughter, Shirei. Though she hasn't bled yet, clearly you don't have the patience for all that.
Robb Stark: My ladies, all men should keep their word. Kings most of all. I was pledged to marry one of you and I broke that vow. The fault is not with you. Any man would be lucky to have any one of you. I did what I did not to slight you but because I loved another. I know these words cannot set right the wrong I've done to you and your house. I beg your forgiveness and pledge to do all I can to make amends so the Freys of the Crossing and the Starks of Winterfell may once again be friends.
[A bemused Walder claps his hands.]
Walder Frey: Very good.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Catelyn Stark: He complained about this marriage the entire way from Riverrun, and now look at him.
Brynden Tully: The Gods love to reward a fool.
Catelyn Stark: Uncle!
Brynden Tully: What? He's my nephew, I love him, and, he's a damn fool. 
[Next to them, Roose Bolton prevents a servant girl from pouring him wine.]
Catelyn Stark: Don't you drink, Lord Bolton?
Roose Bolton: Never do, my Lady, dulls the senses.
Brynden Tully: That's the point. Didn't you marry one of these Frey girls?
Roose Bolton: Aye, Lord Walder let me choose any of his granddaughters and promised me the girl's weight in silver as a dowry. So, I have a fat young bride.
Catelyn Stark: I hope she makes you very happy.
Roose Bolton: Well, she's made me very rich.
Brynden Tully: Pardon, my Lord, my Lady, I need to find a tree to piss on. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Walder Frey: [To Robb] Your Grace, I fear I've been, remiss in my duties. I've given you meat and wine and music, but, I haven't shown you the hospitality you deserve. My king has married and I owe my new queen a wedding gift. 
[Catelyn notices Roose Bolton is wearing chain mail, and slaps him]
Catelyn Stark: Robb! 
[Robb turns just as Roose Bolton flees from his chair and Lothar Frey walks up behind Talisa and stab her repeatedly in the stomach] 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Walder Frey: The King in the North arises!
[Catelyn takes Walder's wife hostage and holds a knife to her throat.]
Catelyn Stark: Lord Walder! Lord Walder, enough! Let it end! Please! He is my son, my first son! Let him go and I swear we will forget this, I swear it by the old gods and the new, we will take no vengeance!
Walder Frey: You already swore me one oath, right here in my castle. You swore by all the gods that your son would marry my daughter!
Catelyn Stark: Take me for your hostage! But let Robb go. Robb get up, get up and walk out, please! Please!
Walder Frey: And why would I let him do that?
Catelyn Stark: On my honor as a Tully, On my honor as a Stark! Let Robb go, or I will cut your wife's throat!
Walder Frey: I'll find another.
Robb Stark: Mother...
Roose Bolton: The Lannisters send their regards. 
[Roose stabs Robb through the heart. Catelyn screams as she cuts Jeyhousse's throat. Black Walder comes up behind her and slits her throat]]

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Tyrion Lannister: Killed a few puppies today?
Joffrey Baratheon: [gestures to Pycelle] Show him. Go on, show him! 
[Pycelle takes out a small scroll and holds it out, but drops it when Tyrion reaches for it]
Grand Maester Pycelle: Ohhh! I'm sorry, my Lord, old fingers. 
Tyrion Lannister: "Roslin caught a fine fat trout. Her brothers gave her a pair of wolf pelts for her wedding. Signed Walder Frey." Is that bad poetry, or is it supposed to mean something?
Joffrey Baratheon: Robb Stark is dead! And his bitch mother! Write back to Lord Frey. Thank him for his service and command him to send Robb Stark's head to me. I'm going to serve it to Sansa at my wedding feast. 
Varys: Your Grace, Lady Sansa is your aunt by marriage.
Cersei Lannister: A joke. Joffrey did not mean it.
Joffrey Baratheon: Yes, I did. I'm going to have it served to Sansa at my wedding feast.
Tyrion Lannister: No. She is no longer yours to torment.
Joffrey Baratheon: Everyone is mine to torment. You'd do well to remember that, you little monster.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, I'm a monster? Perhaps you should speak to me more softly, then. Monsters are dangerous and just now kings are dying like flies. 
Joffrey Baratheon: I could have your tongue out for saying that!
Cersei Lannister: Let him make his threats. Hmm? He's a bitter little man.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Lord Tyrion should apologize immediately. Unacceptable, disrespectful, and in very bad taste!
Joffrey Baratheon: I am the KING!! I will punish you!
Tywin Lannister: Any man who must say, "I am the king" is no true king. I'll make sure you understand that when I've won your war for you.
Joffrey Baratheon: My father won the real war! He killed Prince Rhaegar. He took the crown, while you hid under Casterly Rock!
Tywin Lannister: [Glares at Joffrey, unfazed] ...The king is tired. See him to his chambers.
Cersei Lannister: Come along.
Joffrey Baratheon: I'm not tired.
Cersei Lannister: We have so much to celebrate. A wedding to plan. You must rest.
Tywin Lannister: Grand Maester, perhaps some essence of nightshade to help him sleep.
Joffrey Baratheon: I'm not... TIRED!! 
Cersei Lannister: Come.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Tyrion Lannister: You just sent the most powerful man in Westeros to bed without his supper.
Tywin Lannister: You're a fool if you believe he's the most powerful man in Westeros.
Tyrion Lannister: A treasonous statement! Joffrey is king.
Tywin Lannister: You really think a crown gives you power?
Tyrion Lannister: No, I think armies give you power. [Tywin nods] Robb Stark had one, never lost a battle, and you defeated him all the same. [Tywin nods again] Oh, I know. Walder Frey gets all the credit, or the blame, I suppose, depending on your allegiance. Walder Frey is many things, but a brave man? No. He never would have risked such an action, unless he had certain assurances...
Tywin Lannister: Which he got from me. Do you disapprove?
Tyrion Lannister: I'm all for cheating, this is war. But to slaughter them at a wedding...
Tywin Lannister: Explain to me why it is more noble to kill ten thousand men in battle than a dozen at dinner.
Tyrion Lannister: So that's why you did it? To save lives?
Tywin Lannister: To end the war. To protect the family. Do you want to write a song for the dead Starks? Go ahead! Write one. I'm in this world a little while longer, to defend the Lannisters, to defend my blood.
Tyrion Lannister: The Northerners will never forget.
Tywin Lannister: Good. Let them remember what happens when they march on the South. All the Stark men are dead. Winterfell is a ruin. Roose Bolton will be named Warden of the North, until your son by Sansa comes of age. I believe you still have some work to do on that score. 
Tyrion Lannister: Do you think she'll open her legs for me after I tell her how we murdered her mother and brother?!
Tywin Lannister: One way or another, you will get that girl pregnant-
Tyrion Lannister: I will not rape her! 
Tywin Lannister: Shall I explain to you in one easy lesson how the world works?
Tyrion Lannister: Use small words. I'm not as bright as you! 
Tywin Lannister: The house that puts family first will always defeat the house that puts the whims and wishes of its' sons and daughters first.  A good man does everything in his power to better his family's position, regardless of his own selfish desires. [Tyrion smiles] Does that amuse you?
Tyrion Lannister: No, it's a very good lesson. Only it's easy for you to preach utter devotion to family, when you're making all the decisions!
Tywin Lannister: Easy for me, is it?
Tyrion Lannister: When have you ever done something that wasn't in your interest, but solely for the benefit of the family?
Tywin Lannister: The day that you were born. I wanted to carry you into the sea and let the waves wash you away. Instead, I let you live. And I've brought you up as my son.  Because you're a Lannister!

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Walder Frey: "The late Walder Frey" old Tully called me because I didn't get my men to the Trident in time for battle. He thought he was witty...but look at us now, Tully! You're dead, your daughter's dead, your grandson's dead, your son spent his wedding night in a dungeon and I am Lord of Riverrun! [cackles]
Roose Bolton: The Blackfish escaped.
Walder Frey: An old man on the run with no allies. I have Tywin Lannister backing me, who does he have?
Roose Bolton: As you say.
Walder Frey: They all laughed at me, all those high lords, they all thought they were better than me: Ned Stark, Hoster Tully...people snigger when I marry a young girl, but who said a word when Jon Arryn married the little Tully bitch?!
Roose Bolton: You'll be needing a new young girl.
Walder Frey: Yes...got that to look forward to. And you...the Warden of the North! No more Starks to bow and scrape to! Must have been torture following that stupid boy all over the country.
Roose Bolton: He ignored my advice at every turn. If he'd been a trifle less arrogant...
Walder Frey: Calling himself "The Young Wolf"...how's that for pomposity? Well...[raises his goblet in mock toast] Here's to the Young Wolf! [makes a mocking wolf howl]
Roose Bolton: Forever young. [both men chuckle]
Walder Frey: Will you move to Winterfell now that the war's over?
Roose Bolton: At some point, perhaps. But Winterfell's in ruins.
Walder Frey: Yes...what happened up there? I heard the Greyjoy boy seized the place. I heard he killed all the ravens and then, nothing.
Roose Bolton: I sent my bastard Ramsay to root him out. Robb Stark offered amnesty for the Ironborn if they gave us Theon.
Walder Frey: And?
Roose Bolton: [grins] Ramsay delivered the terms. The Ironborn turned on Theon as we knew they would. They handed him over, trussed and hooded, but Ramsay...well, Ramsay has his own way of doing things.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
Ramsay Snow: [eating a sausage] Those girls weren't lying. You had a good sized cock. [Theon weakly looks at the sausage in horror] What? No! Pork sausage. Do you think I'm some sort of savage? When people talk about phantom limbs, an amputee might have an itch where his foot used to be.  So I've always wondered, do eunuchs have a phantom cock? Next time you think about naked girls, will you feel an itch? Sorry. I shouldn't make jokes. My mother taught me not to throw stones at cripples...[grins] but my father taught me aim for their head!
Theon Greyjoy: Kill me...
Ramsay Snow: Sorry, what?
Theon Greyjoy: Kill me.
Ramsay Snow: A little louder.
Theon Greyjoy: KILL ME!
Ramsay Snow: You're no good to me dead.  We need you. You don't look like Theon Greyjoy anymore. That's a name for a lord. But you're not a lord, are you? You're just...meat. Stinking meat. You reek. Reek! That's a good name for you. What's your name?
Theon Greyjoy: Theon Greyjoy.
[Ramsay backhands Theon]
Ramsay Snow: What's your name?
Theon Greyjoy: Th-Theon Greyjoy.
[Ramsay punches Theon in the jaw]
Theon Greyjoy: Please...
[Ramsay grabs Theon by the face]
Ramsay Snow: What...is...your...name?!
Theon Greyjoy: Reek. My name is...Reek. 

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
%
1st Frey Bannerman: What d'you want?
Arya Stark: Mind if I keep warm? 
2nd Frey Bannerman: Fuck off!
Arya Stark: But I'm hungry.
1st Frey Bannerman: Does "Fuck off" mean something different where you're from?
Arya Stark: I've got money. [she reaches into her belt pouch and pulls out the Braavosi coin Jacquen gave her]
1st Frey Bannerman:  What kinda coin is that?
Arya Stark: It's worth a lot. [she drops it on the ground when he reaches for it] Sorry.
1st Frey Bannerman: Little shit. [as he leans over to pick up the coin, Arya violently stabs him several times in the back and neck. Sandor Clegane then kills all three of them.]
Sandor Clegane: Where did you get the knife?
Arya Stark: From you. 
Sandor Clegane:  Is that the first man you've killed?
Arya Stark: The first man.
Sandor Clegane: The next time you're going to do something like that, tell me first! 
Arya Stark: [picks up the Braavosi coin] Valar Morghulis.

 - Game of Thrones/Season 3
