Jim: You watched it?
Pam: Yeah.
Jim: [handing her an envelope] Then I guess you're ready for this.
Pam: What's that?
Jim: It's from the teapot. Everything you'll ever need to know is in that note. [Pam reads the note and is truly touched] Not "enough" for me? You are everything.
 
- The Office (season 9)
%
Dwight: [through a megaphone] Listen to me! I love you! And I don't care that Phillip's not my son! I will raise 100 children with 100 of your lovers if it means I can be with you!
Angela: Can you put that down?
Dwight: This expresses how loudly I love you!
Angela: It's too loud.
[Dwight puts the megaphone down, gets on one knee, and pulls out a ring]
Dwight: This is a ring taken from the buttocks of my grandmother, put there by the gangster patriarch of the Coors dynasty, melted in a foundry run by Mennonites. 
Angela: Okay. Yes. Yes, I will! [They embrace and kiss] I love you. And I lied to you.
Dwight: What?
Angela: Phillip's your son.
Dwight: What? Why would you say...
Angela: I just needed you to want to marry me because you wanted to marry me.
Dwight: Get out! I'm a dad!
Angela: You're a dad!
 
- The Office (season 9)
%
Jim: Dwight, I don't know how to tell you this, but...we have a little bit of a problem.
Dwight: Oh, no. What?
Jim: The minister just told me that it's tradition for the bestest mensch to be older than the groom.
Dwight: Oh, come on. I've never heard of such a thing!
Jim: I haven't heard of it, obviously. But I'm out, because I'm significantly younger than you.
Dwight: No! Not—significant is a big word.
Jim: Well, either way, Dwight...[pause] I can't be there for you. I'm sorry.
Dwight: Jim.
Jim: I just...really wish there was something I can do.
[Jim looks straight ahead. Dwight turns around and sees Michael]
Dwight: Michael. I can't believe you came.
Michael: That's what she said. [Dwight cries out in joy and hugs Michael]
[cut to Jim in interview]
Jim: Best prank ever.
 
- The Office (season 9)
%
Andy: The weird thing is now I'm exactly where I want to be. I've got my dream job at Cornell, and I'm still just thinking about my old pals. Only now they're the ones I made here. I wish there was a way to know you're in "the good old days", before you've actually left them. Someone should write a song about that.
 
- The Office (season 9)
%
Darryl: Every day when I came into work, all I wanted to do was leave. So why in the world does it feel so hard to leave right now?
 
- The Office (season 9)
%
Creed: It all seems so very arbitrary. I applied for a job at this company because they were hiring. I took a desk at the back because it was empty. But, no matter how you get there or where you end up, human beings have this miraculous gift to make that place home. [camera zooms out to show Creed in handcuffs, escorted by two police officers] Let's do this. 
 
- The Office (season 9)
